. I think it falls on me to give you a bit of a *reality slap*. I'll try to make
it as soft as possible, but brace yourself please. Could it be that your
expectations are unrealistic? Barcelona is one of the most desired cities in the
entire world. That makes it unavoidably expensive. There's a lot of people with
pockets deeper than yours who choose to live in Barcelona and that invariably
drives prices up. I'm not saying this is good, I'm not saying this is fair - I'm
just saying that's how it is. "Just a decent place" in such a high demand area
means "*very expensive".* Luxury in Barcelona really means *luxury* in the full
sense of the word with no hyperbole. So my first thought is that perhaps, maybe,
you're trying to live beyond your means. You're aspiring to a certain living
standard **in a very particular place** which seems to exceed your budget. Once
again, I'm not implying anything else than what I'm explicitly saying. I'm not
saying this is your fault, I'm not saying this system is fine, nothing like
that. I'm just trying to be an objective observer and assessing facts devoid of
emotion. Which brings me to another point: as someone else commented, you may be
suffering some level of depression or at least emotional discomfort which could
be helped by therapy. With regards to making a community... I'm an immigrant
too, and what helped me the most was joining a sports team. I'm an introverted
nerd, not a sporty guy at all, but I was very much welcomed in a team - and for
the Spanish (sorry Catalans, you're also Spanish) being in a sports team means
going to the bar after training, going to the bar after games, going out to
dinner together (end of season, new year, birthdays, etc), traveling to
tournaments all over the country which always include dinner and party with the
other teams in the league, etc. This made a HUGE difference in my life, and it's
99,9% local people - tourists don't join local sports teams, maybe a nomad/expat
(on temporary work assignment here) every now and then, but the regular base of
team members is purely local. So my advice, in a nutshell, would be to 1)
Housing: adjust expectations to what you can afford; 2) Go to therapy to start
feeling better; 3) Join a sports team even if it feels weird. I wish you the
very best!