. Article text: >Anas Sarwar has disputed claims that one of his new MSPs called
for Israel to suffer a "crushing defeat" in the wake of the October 7 attacks.
>The Scottish Labour leader said Irshad Ahmed had "clarified his comments" and
warned against applying a presumption of suspicion to politicians who speak in
languages other than English. > >The Hamas-led assault saw some 1,200 people in
Israel killed and more than 250 hostages taken into Gaza. >Israel's retaliatory
strikes have killed more than 72,700 people, according to the Gaza Health
Ministry. >The controversy over Mr Ahmed stems from a speech the list MSP for
Edinburgh and Lothians East gave in Urdu at the Adbi Dera in Edinburgh in early
January 2024. >According to a translation by the Telegraph, Mr Ahmed said:
"Friends, there are a few things linked to year 2023 that has passed which we
need to remember, especially those matters which have taken place in Palestine,
we all condemn it as Muslims. >"And since 2024 has come, I ask all of you to
pray that Allah gives freedom to Palestine and may Allah free the Muslims of
Palestine who are victims of oppression, and may Israel get a crushing defeat."
>Both Reform and the Tories have called on Mr Sarwar to remove the whip. >Tim
Eagle, the Scottish Conservative chief whip, said: “These comments are
absolutely beyond the pale. Calling for the terrorist group that massacred
innocent Jews to defeat Israel – just three months after October 7 – is frankly
disgusting." >Reform's deputy leader, Thomas Kerr, said Scotland's Jewish
community "remains deeply affected by rising tensions and antisemitism as a
result of irresponsible discourse by Scotland's political class." >He called on
Mr Sarwar to act "immediately" and said Mr Ahmed's alleged remarks were "wholly
inappropriate for any elected representative." >Mr Sarwar disputed the
Telegraph's characterisation. >Asked directly what his understanding of the
remarks was, Mr Sarwar said: "It's pretty clear that he wants to see the war
come to an end, that he wants people in Palestine and Israel to both live in
peace, freedom and security — and that means, yes, the war crimes of Israel to
end, but also the abhorrent actions of Hamas to end." >He said Mr Ahmed
supported a two-state solution. >The Labour leader added that other MSPs had
said similar things in English without facing equivalent scrutiny. "He's
clarified his comments and I think we just again have to be really, really
careful. >"There have been other politicians in this parliament who have said
the exact same thing in English and a presumption is made because someone is
speaking in a different language or from a different faith or a different colour
and I think people need to be very, very careful about making those presumptions
because I think there's other things at play." > > >A spokesperson for the
Israeli Embassy said the MSP should visit the Nova Exhibition, currently being
hosted in London. >It is a commemoration of the 378 people massacred at a music
festival on 7 October along with the 44 taken as hostages and the 19 of those
who died in Hamas captivity. >The spokesperson said: “The reported comments by
this member just months after the October 7th attack are deeply offensive to the
memory of the 1,200 victims of Hamas terrorism. >"It is not appropriate to call
for violence against the only Jewish state, and we would encourage all
Parliament members to visit the Nova exhibition currently open in London if they
get the chance, to fully understand the horrors of that day.” >In a subsequent
statement, Mr Ahmed said: "All lives should be valued equally and I want people
in both Israel and Palestine to be able to live in peace and security. I want to
see stability in the region and a two-state solution that provides lasting
peace." >The episode is complicated by the arithmetic at Holyrood. The May
election left Labour and Reform tied on 17 MSPs each. >Either party losing an
MSP would mean the other would become the second largest party, which brings
certain privileges, including asking the first question at First Minister's
Questions. >Mr Ahmed was at the centre of a row about his selection as Labour
candidate. >He had previously stood as a candidate for both the SNP and Alba
Party. >Despite being little known in Labour circles, he ended up being elected
top of the party's regional list in Edinburgh and Lothians East. >That saw him
defeat established party figures, including frontbenchers Daniel Johnson and
Martin Whitfield.