Black Origins of Greek Mythology. “According to this mythology, the Greek people
themselves seemed to have come into being as the result of miscegenation. Zeus,
the "Father of the Gods," who is of Ethiopian ancestry, mates with the fair
Greek maiden, Io, and has a mulatto son, Epaphus, who is born in Egypt.
Eschylus, great tragic poet of ancient Greece, says of this union, "And thou
shall bring forth black Epaphus, thus named from the manner of Zeus'
engendering... Fifth in descent from him, fifty maidens shall return to Argos
(Greece), not of their choice but fleeing marriage with their cousin kin."
Eschylus adds, "Call this the work of Zeus, and this his race sprang from
Epaphus, and thou shalt hit the truth." This was the symbolic way of saying that
the Argives, or Greeks, were of mixed blood. One of the titles of Zeus was
Ethiop, an Egyptian or African word, which came later to mean "black." -J.A.
Roger "The religion of ancient Greece, like that of Egypt, was established by
the Negro. Not only were the Grecian gods black, as was said, but the two most
important oracles of Greece were established by Negroes, namely those of Dodona
and Delphos. The first, according to Herodotus, was founded by two black doves
who flew across the waters, from Egypt, the black doves being symbolic of black
priestesses. He said also that the cries uttered in the Greek temples during the
Hellenic rites sounded as if they had come from Africa. Delphos was the founder
of the Delphic Oracle, whose renown was so great, that his island became one of
the greatest tourist centres of the ancient world. The Delphic Oracle was the
principal rites of Apollo, and it is significant that though Apollo is shown
with Grecian features, his hair is shown curled in pepper-corn style in
imitation of the Negro, or ancient Negrito. As for Delphos, himself, there is
unmistakable evidence from his coins that he was a Negro." - J.A. Roger Source
>>> "Sex And Race Vol. 1 by Joel Agustus Rogers (J.A. Rogers) pg 79-80 [
\*Rogers was a meticulous researcher, astute scholar, and concise writer. He
traveled tirelessly on his quest for knowledge, which often took him directly to
the source. While traveling in Europe, he frequented libraries, museums, and
castles, finding sources that helped him document African ancestry and history.