. You didn't tell us what time of year? Assuming peak summer no bengil is not
worth it from Lagos, but you chose right! Go to Alvor beach and enjoy caves
there, but don't go further. Luz is my favorite little area that is very close
to Lagos but any beach in the area from Alvor to Sagres you can't go wrong.
Without a car it's a bit tougher but Uber is fine, and staying in Lagos proper
on foot and pubic transit is enough. Hard to recommend restaurants as I mainly
eat at home, but the rooftop ones seem to be more tourist trap than not. But
hopefully you can get more advice on that from someone else. When I'm in town
for lunch I go to Croissanteria 29 that's a lovely sandwich shop run by a local
couple for many decades (tell them the Canadian with the little dog sent you)
and I also like desserts from Black and White Coffee. If I'm in town late, I go
to the hole in the wall pizzeria called Lagos Pizza. I don't prefer hotels, I
prefer to rent short term stay. But for your 4 nights get something in your
budget and don't plan to spend all day in it. If you're around during it, you
should go to the farmers market at the bus station. There's a great little cafe
there as well but the fresh fruit and veg is the goal. Usually Wednesdays and
Saturdays. I have a lovely couple that are friends who operates a tour boat from
Lagos, poke me if you want me to give a good word and push for a friend discount
and get you in touch. Sunset wise if you go to Sagres and look off the west
coast you will see an incredible sunset but will be hard to get home without
transport. The Lagos beaches face a bit away from the sunset. A hidden gem is
beach Boca do Rio, climb the cliff to the right of the beach and look towards
Salema and enjoy the sunset! I personally would rent a car but that's just me.
Kayaking is easy to do from the Lagos fort Porta da Bandeira around the Lagos
caves just as good or better than benagil. Ok I'm out of energy but regardless
enjoy your trip. Lagos is a fantastic area. Feel free to poke me for any other
questions.