OIA, Santorini - 2026. I traveled to Santorini at the beginning of May to avoid
the busiest season, and I took the opportunity to do a few boat tours and swim
in the waters around the island. The water was pretty cold, but nothing
unbearable. You can still enjoy it and get back on the boat without any problem.
Oía is definitely the busiest place on the island, so I would avoid the center
between 9am and sunset because it gets extremely crowded, sometimes even hard to
walk around. But if you go a little outside the main areas, especially early in
the morning, you can find really nice hiking trails with very few people. At
night, walking through the streets, finding a place to sit, eat, or even a small
bar with music is something you probably won’t regret, but it is expensive. I
definitely felt the prices there more than in other places I visited in Europe.
Santorini really is a pricey destination, but if you move away from the most
famous spots, you can already find much better prices. I stayed in one of those
classic houses on the mountain with the ocean view, close to the blue domes. I
searched for almost two months and managed to find a really good deal. The place
was interesting, but since I’m 1.90m tall, I had a hard time in the room because
everything was very low. To take a shower, you actually had to sit on a chair,
which was one of the most unusual things I’ve ever seen. But in a positive way,
it felt more like one of those travel situations that is not really a problem,
just something very different from what you’re used to. The Greek people,
especially on the island, felt very warm and welcoming to visitors. I honestly
never went through an airport security area with people as friendly as the ones
I met in Santorini on my way back to Athens. Before traveling there, I used to
watch videos and think maybe the beauty of the place was exaggerated, but
honestly it matches reality very well. It’s an incredibly beautiful place. Right
in front of my accommodation there were lines of people taking photos all day,
but nothing that really affected our routine. I sincerely recommend everyone to
visit Santorini at least once in their life. Food was not the highlight for me,
but you can still eat very well, either spending a lot in the famous restaurants
or paying more reasonable prices if you choose places that are less touristy.
Ahhhh the cats! They are everywhere and they are super cool and sassy.