Taxpayers to bear policing costs during Harry and Meghan’s Australia tour
(Sydney Morning Herald). From the article: “Australian taxpayers will be on the
hook for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s policing costs once the couple touch
down for their private visit to cities including Melbourne and Sydney next week.
Prince Harry and Meghan’s team have maintained the trip, which is not an
official royal tour as they are no longer senior working royals, is being
privately funded. But some policing services provided for the couple will be
coming out of the public’s pocket. “The New South Wales Police Force will
conduct an operation to ensure public safety is maintained during the visit by
the Duke and Duchess of Sussex,” the spokesperson told this masthead. “The
operation will require some additional security measures throughout their stay
in New South Wales, while minimising any disruption to the community.” NSW
Police provides most of its services to the general community free of charge.
For private events that require security beyond normal community policing – for
example, music festivals, traffic control for film and television shoots,
sporting events – the force provides “user pays” policing services, where the
event organisers bear the cost for uniformed officers to work in their off-duty
hours. There is no user pays arrangement for Harry and Meghan’s visit. Police
services will be focused on any event where there is potential for public
involvement, and will be part of NSW Police’s expenditure. A spokesperson for
Victoria Police said it is aware two high-profile people are visiting Melbourne
in a private capacity this month, and directed this masthead to event organisers
and relevant representatives. “Police routinely assess events and visits and
will deploy resources as necessary to ensure community safety,” the spokesperson
said. “Victoria Police does not provide comment on specific operational
arrangements.” Harry and Meghan’s itinerary is largely different from their
previous trip to Australia, notably including ticketed events held by private
organisations behind closed doors. Public meet and greets are standard for
visits made by working royals hosted by Commonwealth realms as representatives
of the UK Government or the British royal family, as was the case when Harry and
Meghan visited Australia in 2018. As such, the newlyweds were provided 24-hour
police protection from the UK, with assistance from the Australian Federal
Police, and travelled with a police motorcade everywhere they went during their
nine-day, state-funded visit. That plus transport, accommodation and incidentals
cost Australian taxpayers a total of $410,580. Now, Harry and Meghan are private
citizens, and are travelling to Australia for a series of private, business and
philanthropic engagements – as they did over four days in Colombia in 2024, when
vice president Francia Márquez invited the duke and duchess for a series of
events aimed at promoting mental health. Per London’s The Telegraph, Harry and
Meghan paid for their own flights, accommodation and general expenses. But
Colombian taxpayers shelled out about $85,000 for internal transport and
security. Security services have been a sore point for Harry and Meghan since
they were stripped of their publicly funded police protection in the United
Kingdom in February 2020, following their high-profile resignation as senior
working royals and self-imposed exile to the United States. Harry has long
argued that the level of risk he, Meghan and their two children – Prince Archie,
six, and Princess Lilibet, four – face in the United Kingdom was not reduced by
his and Meghan’s decision to step back from royal duties. He took legal action
against the Home Office in 2022 after being informed that private individuals,
even if they offer to pay for it themselves, are not permitted to access state
security. The High Court ruled against him in February 2024, and his appeal was
formally denied in May. The Royal and VIP Executive Committee (RAVEC), which
authorises security on behalf of the Home Office for senior members of the
British royal family, is undertaking a full risk assessment to decide on
reinstating police protection for Harry and Meghan. British media has reported
civil servants on the committee fear public backlash if Harry and Meghan are
given taxpayer-funded security. It was backlash in Australia by way of a
Change.org petition called “No Taxpayer-Funding or Official Support for Harry &
Meghan’s Private Visit to Australia!” that prompted a representative for Harry
and Meghan to issue a statement in March. It now has 43,300 signatures. “It’s a
moot point. The trip is being funded privately, so I’m not sure what this
petition hopes to achieve,” a spokesperson for the Sussexes told the Daily Mail.
Harry is due to give a keynote address at the InterEdge Psychosocial Safety
Summit, which runs from April 15 to 16, in Melbourne. In-person tickets start
from $997. Meghan, meanwhile, will appear at Her Best Life‘s “girls’ weekend
like no other” at InterContinental Sydney Coogee Beach from April 17 to 19.
Tickets start from $2699 per person, and for an extra $500, guests can nab a
“group table photo” with the duchess.”