26 M4R - Searching for the ultimate service Sissy. Who I am: Im a 26 year old
daddy dom top type, I have a hedonistic and sadistic side, it ultimately means
I’m someone who enjoys being worshipped and spanking my subs. I’m mixed Middle
Eastern ethnicity 1.74m, masculine, bearded, hairy (cock, balls and ass
shaved/hairless), muscular dad bod in summer transformation. I have a thick
brown member that loves to be drained and edged owing to my high libido. I’m STD
tested after each partner (last clean test Jan 26), very particular about
hygiene, smelling good and being freshly showered. I’m well educated, liberal,
love good conversation and look for a bond in each person. I am 420 friendly and
enjoy moving my drinks with pleasure. Based near Amsterdam, cannot host (no car
dates, no hotels, no public, no park) but can travel. What I look for: I am
looking for a perfect service sub for me. I enjoy being sensually worshipped,
having my body kissed head to toe, my body erotically oiled and massaged, having
my nipples kissed, my ass massaged and then to have my balls sucked, licked,
kissed, and my ass rimmed, then my cock to be slowly edged and drained. I enjoy
having this entire experience with a few drinks and a joint. I want someone who
is eager to serve and gets pleasure from giving me pleasure and seeking my
approval. I love good dedication towards ensuring I’m pleasured and drained. I
especially want to feel worshipped and for my ass, balls and cock to be dripping
with your spit. I also enjoy doggy style, cowgirl riding, missionary and having
my cock sucked as soon as I wake up. I also enjoy bare bottom spanking, so not a
mandatory kink but a plus if you like it. I look for a person who is a
bottom/Non-binary/trans/Sissy/M/F/Bi/Queer/sub. I look for someone who enjoys
being feminine, has a clean hairless face and body, bonus points for if you
dress feminine as well. Age, height and weight are not a preference for me, as
long as you’re 19 plus. You must be STD tested, willing to make a good convo and
a bond before meeting up. I love obedience and being worshipped, that should be
your motto if you think you’d like to message me. If you’ve read this far and
are still interested dm me about yourself, and the word “Apple” so I know you’ve
read my entire post and are not horny messaging. Message me in English, It’s
better for a connection with me. I’m also open to other kinks but only after I
am satisfied and fulfilled by my future sub to be.