Has the mystery of Leonardo da Vinci's mother finally been solved? The
Renaissance master and painter of the "Mona Lisa" was in fact just half Italian,
according to new research revealed Tuesday, with his mother a slave from the
Caucasus.. ROME — Leonardo da Vinci. According to Giunti, the book’s publisher,
slavery from the Black Sea in the 15th century was a lucrative business for
merchants from the powerful maritime republics of Venice and Genoa. “In Florence
the market demanded young women above all, destined for use as servants,
caregivers, as well as concubines — sexual slaves who, if impregnated, continued
to be useful even after giving birth, providing their milk to the master’s
children,” it said in a news release. If Leonardo’s heritage was just half
Italian, as the research suggests, it would add a new layer to his rich legacy.
The Circassians are a mainly Muslim ethnic group who lived in the north of the
Caucasus until the 19th century, when more than 1 million people were forced to
flee their homeland after czarist Russia invaded the area. Circassians now live
in almost 40 different countries around the world, including Turkey, Israel,
Syria, Jordan and the United States. “Of one thing we can be sure,” according to
the news release accompanying Tuesday’s research about Leonardo’s mysterious
mother. “She is the one who passed on to him a respect and veneration for life
and nature, and an inexhaustible desire for freedom.” Until today, one of the
most respected theories about Leonardo's mother came from Martin Kemp, another
Leonardo expert and a former professor of the history of art at the University
of Oxford in England. In a 2017 book, Kemp concluded that Leonardo's mother was
Caterina di Meo Lippi, an orphan who lived in a farmhouse about a mile from
Vinci, the Tuscan village from which Leonardo was born and derived his name.
From documents he found in the archive of Vinci, Kemp concluded that Caterina
and her infant brother moved to her grandmother’s house near Vinci after their
parents died. Soon after, according to his theory, the former orphan became
pregnant by the 25-year-old Ser Piero da Vinci during one of his visits to his
hometown in July 1451. “Carlo Vecce is a fine scholar. His ‘fictionalized’
account needs the sensation of a slave mother,” Kemp said in an interview
Tuesday. “I still favor our ‘rural’ mother, who is a better fit, not least as
the future wife of a local ‘farmer,’” he said. “But an unremarkable story does
not match the popular need for a sensational story in tune with the current
obsession with slavery.” Still, at the end of the day, Kemp warned, “none of the
stories are demonstrably proven.” [