Itinerary for western Europe.. As posted a few months ago we and our children 10
and 5 would love to explore Europe a little bit. Our first Idea was to start in
Belfast but we decided against that now. Considering we live on Mainland Europe
in Norhtern Germany, and do not have any travel restrictions, we came up with a
new Itinerary. We calculate that we have about 8 weeks a year and want to travel
through Europe in the next 4 years. We have 2 Weeks in Spring and in Fall and 4
weeks in Summer so we would like to plan it that way, but not sure how to group
it yet. We will definetly do day Trips to Parks and Places around the cities but
that is still in the Phase of Choosing and Compromising in our family. Our
Idea´s now. It contains the wishes and compromises of all 4 family members. 1.
Netherlands: Groningen, Den Haag, Leiden, Utrecht 2. Belgium: Antwerp, Brugge, a
Day Trip to the Kusttram 3. Luxemburg: Luxemburg 4. France: Lille, Paris,
Straßburg, Avignon, Carcassonne, Marseille, Nice 5. Monaco, Daytrip from Nice 6.
Andorra: Andorra la Valle 7. Portugal: Porto, Braga, Coimbra, Lissabon and
Sintra 8. Spain: Malaga, Cadiz, Cordoba, Granada, Ronda, Madrid, Barcelona 9.
Gibraltar 10. Switzerland: Genf, Bern, Zurich 11. Liechtenstein: Vaduz, a Day
Trip from Zurich 12. Italy: Milan, Pisa, Florence, Rome, Naples with Cinque
Terre, Pompeij, Venice 13. Vatikan; YES WE KNOW IT IS LOCATED IN ROME 14. San
Marino: 15. Austria: Salzburg and Wien 16. Hungary: Budapest, Szentendre 17.
Romania: Timisoara, Bukarest 18. Bulgaria: Sofia, Warna 19. Slovakia: Kosice,
Bratislava 20. Czech Republic: Brünn, Prag, Day Trip to Karlsbad 21. Poland:
Krakau, Breslau, Posen (has special meaning to us), Warschau, Stettin 22.
Lithuania: Vilnius, Klaipeda, Nida 23. Latvia: Rundale, Riga 24. Estonia: Pärnu
and Tallinn 25. Finland: Helsinki, Turku 26. Sweden: Stockholm, Visby,
Gothenburg 27. Denmark: Kopenhagen, Odense, Arhus 28. Norway: Oslo and possible
do the Rest via Cruise to see the Fjords in a good way. May husband favours this
idea 29. Scotland: Edinburgh, Glasgow 30. Ilse of Man: Douglas 31. Northern
Ireland: Belfast, Giant´s Causeway 32. Ireland: Galway, Cork, Dublin 33. Wales:
Cardiff 34. England: York, Cambridge, Oxford, Bath, London 35. Chanal Islands:
St. Helier Extra Trips 1. Faroe Islands and Iceland 2. Slowenia, Croatia,
Bosnia, Montenegro, Kosovo, Albania, Noth Macedonia, Serbia 3. Greece 4. Malta
5. Cyprus My husband thinks we could do that all together in 2 years of vacation
aka 16 weeks. I tend to disagree and say we need at least 7-8 Months for all of
those, except the extra Trips. Maybe you could give us a little help with
calculating the time. Thank you very much in Advance