[EVENT][PROPAGANDA] A Rallying Cry to the Spanish Monarchist. **November,
1964:** The Spanish State had its Monarchy legally restored in 1947, yet in 1964
the country remained without a King. Caudillo Francisco Franco was a dedicated
monarchist and of wanted to please his monarchist supporters yet he was
reluctant to elevate anyone above himself. Even within his government he would
limit the influence of those around him by ensuring his most charismatic
supporters were kept out of the publics eye and never to promote anyone to the
point they might rival him. The issue with a King was that the position was
naturally public and influential. Cautious about this Franco would name himself
as Regent-for-life and had not say who he planned on eventually taking the
throne. The issue was that following the loss of Spanish Sahara, Franco had lost
much of his legitimacy and ability to unite the Spanish right together. So far
the 1960s had been a turbulent period for Spain and the nation was desperate for
something to tie it together. It was for this reason the Caudillo would seek out
new methods to reaffirm the loyalty of the monarchists. One of his previous
concerns had been exactly who should be selected to be King. The Count of
Barcelona, Don Juan De Borbon had the strongest claim to the throne, however
Franco feared him to be far too Liberal in large part due to a manifesto he
wrote in 1945 calling to replace Franco and enact a Constitutional Monarchy.
With this in mind Franco would gain the ability to appoint any suitable
candidate as the next King and when their relationship deteriorated further he'd
invite the grandson of King Alfonso XIII, Alfonso de Borbon to the country.
Since then Alfonso and Don Juan's son, Juan Carlos have been balanced as
representatives of the Monarchy. Alfonso for his part has shown a dedication to
Francoism which has made him a preferred candidate whereas Juan Carlos has been
collaborative in a manner his father had not been. With the future of the
Spanish State resting in either mans hand making the right decision is of the
utmost importance and in these difficult times the Caudillo has decided
privately to show preference for Alfonso, a King he is certain will carry on his
regime. Minister of Information and Tourism Blas Piñar had been tasked with
promoting the Spanish Monarchy throughout the country. New projects such as
schools, streets and hospitals would invoke the previous Spanish Kingdom being
named after King Philip II, Queen Isabella I and El Cid. Clergy with association
to the State would be asked to incorporate the monarchy into their sermons, to
promote a connection between the State and Kingdom in defending Catholic values.
The playing of the national anthem La Marcha Real, was to become compulsory
start to the school day, it was also to be played alongside other royalist songs
during public events and parades. As for Alfonso himself, he'd start to receive
preferential treatment over Juan Carlos with Spanish newspapers being allowed to
conduct controlled interviews and being permitted to join Caudillo Franco
himself during public events. This is a far more overt approach, signalling that
the Spanish State is still a Monarchy and using its symbols as a means of
repairing Franco's legitimacy. One day Spain would have a King and although an
official successor had yet to be named, Alfonso looked to be the favoured
candidate.