. Hey! Lovely to hear about tourists interested in exploring beyond London -
there's so much more to the country, and the countryside is particularly
beautiful. I grew up in the West Country, live here still, and know both Dorset
and the Cotswolds quite well. My thoughts: - Don't do a day trip to Bath from
London. Bath is the bottom end of the Cotswolds, so if you choose the Cotswolds
it's already on your doorstep. If you go to Dorset, you can do a day trip from
London or Dorset. - Driving in the UK is much more orderly than driving in India
(I've done both, and my husband is Indian and has adapted to driving here). By
and large you'll find it very easy and accessible; however, in the countryside
roads are very small so you need to be able to navigate right spaces and
potentially reverse up roads when you encounter a lorry etc. I think you'd be
fine, but suppose it depends on your confidence as a driver. Its also easy to
get an automatic car if you prefer, though manuals are more common here. -
Dorset is famous for it's coastline - the Jurassic coast, as well as it's pretty
villages. If you like the seaside then choose Dorset. It's also less touristy,
in my experience (certainly fewer international tourists). - If you choose
Dorset, I'd recommend starting in Poole or Bournemouth (basically one city at
this point), and doing day trips from there, across to the Isle of Wight in
Hampshire, Studland, Swanage. If you're into hiking there are some beautiful
trails. - Dorset second half, head westwards towards Weymouth, Dorchester,
Abbotsbury. The best part of Dorset IMO is Lulworth Cove - Durdle Door. Lovely
hike, great ice cream, cool geology, and opportunities for swimming with seals.
- If you choose the Cotswolds, I would suggest starting in Oxford (you can do
more Harry potter things here, and it is pretty), then work your way across the
Cotswolds to Bath. - Burford, Bibury, Bourton are all pretty; Castle Combe (just
outside of Bath) is also nice. I would add Cirencester and possibly Cheltenham
to your list, for a bit more interest: the places you've all mentioned are
picturesque, tiny villages and there's nothing to do other than take a picture
and get an ice cream. Cirencester and Cheltenham have a bit more to them, though
not as rich a history as Bath and Oxford. - Quick word of warning: once you've
seen two or three Cotswold villages, you've seen them all. There's not a lot to
do in these places, and you may find it dull to look at the same (albeit lovely)
architecture. I have Indian friends who have visited the Cotswolds for a week
and been bored out of their mind. - If I were you, I would get a car and do both
Dorset and the Cotswolds. Do Cotswolds first, spend a day doing villages and a
day in Bath. Then head south: on your way down to Dorset you could see any of
the Avon towns (Bradford upon Avon, Frome, etc), plus stop at eg Bruton,
Stourhead (bath-bournemouth is a lovely drive, I do it often). Alternatively you
could go a bit further west, to Wells (watch Hot Fuzz in advance), perhaps
Glastonbury and the tour, and if you're into cheese explore Cheddar and the
caves. Then base yourself in a nice Airbnb near the Dorset coast and do day
trips around the area. You can see Stonehenge on your drive back to the airport
also (you can see it from the road, it's not worth stopping and paying the
ticket fee). Feel free to DM me if you want more info.