. Safe is a term with quite a bit of nuances here. Compared to Nigeria? It’s the
land of the free. Compared to Amsterdam or Berlin it feels like a prison. Many
Bulgarians like to take pride in claiming they don’t care about lgbt or other
races/ethnicities as long as they don’t shove it in their faces. In reality that
means they are okay as long as the don’t see them anywhere anytime and the
remain mythical creatures somewhere in America. Communism and 500 years under a
caliphate shaped a very specific mentality that everything outside of the
“typical mould” is bad. And believe me many of the lgbt are just as bad. They
often have some twisted conservative attitude, self hate projected onto others,
very judgmental, often times racist, snobbish and very hateful. If you go to a
club here you will notice even how bland their outfits are and how unfriendly
these guys are. They view themselves as “queens”. Often times guys who come from
small towns when they graduate and think they are the “next top model” of Sofia.
They don’t usually talk to people outside their friend group. It’s very
different from the West. They have unrealistic expectations while bro is a solid
6 on a good day. The alpha male culture transcends well into the so called lgbt
society. You will very rarely see people with interesting a bold looks. If you
want to dress like that here, or have piercings, crazier tattoos etc stared are
the least you will get. This nation does NOT tolerate individualism no matter if
it’s straight, gay or whatever. If you are a straight looking man you will have
no problem. Public display of affection ? Forget it. Even standing “unmanly”
gets you stares here. Everything else can land you in the hospital even in big
cities. That being said Sofia is a liiiiitle better than all the other cities. I
see the younger folks slowly adapting different ways but it will take time. In
small towns forget about showing that - you will regret it. You can visit the
monuments, have a drink, eat but forget everything lgbt related including
mannerisms. On the seaside you don’t wanna run into a group of drunk high on
“speed” guys also it can land you trouble. It very much depends on why you want
to come here, but for gay tourism I wouldn’t recommend it here unfortunately. If
you find a nice locals to show you around it can be a different story. Finally
it all depends on your luck and personal experience. Some lgbt ppl like it here,
especially Sofia. To me Sofia is a tiny close-minded village compared to what it
should be. Some people have luck and go all their life without trouble here and
pass under the radar somehow. But in reality if you are not straight acting and
decide to do something bold like kissing someone, there risk is very very real
my friend. I am saying all this as a straight acting guy.