. I don't think either of these things. Don't be so self righteous. I think God
is a metaphore for the people of his kingdom. He is blessed by their vows of
fealty and should feel morally compelled to return those vows by taking on all
the actions which he now does broadly ceremonially. So the appointment of a
prime minister nominated by his subjects. Providing council to, and demanding
justification from the prime minister decisions being made to affect his
subjects. Carry with him the weight of 364 years of uninterrupted rule of the
country that held the greatest superpower status by controlled land for use in a
manner which seems to humble and flatter most international leaders through the
romantic nature of his sovereign role. In theory he also stands as a safeguard
against an attempt at a unilateral usurping of power by the government from the
houses of parliament and the crown, however, that may be more of an aesthetic
safeguard than real. Finally, due to not exercising any political power, he is
able to advocate more strongly for the pursuit of long term beneficial actions.
Elizabeth II was primarily on the form of soft Empire, advocating for the
maintaining of close friendships between Common Wealth Nations. Charles III is a
bit too into ecological matters given his obsession with traditional medicine
over working medicine, but part of the fun of a monarch is their eccentricities.
Thats why I like the king. If you argue he costs too much money for that, then
frankly I disagree, and the debate about whether he'd keep the crown estate on
dissoltion frankly targets a degree of technicalities which I think
fundamentally attack his rights as an individual to receive his inheritance as
long as tax is rightly paid. That doesn't even target the tourism matter where,
certainly is be dissolved the monarchy, it would be unaffected for a few years.
Go twenty years ahead though and its just another old relic of interest to the
historically minded, not a living, breathing aspect of modern culture who can be
seen performing the historical arts they've done for centuries. Without being
able to see the state opening of parliament, or think you have a chance to shake
their hand when they visit your country, the tourist element becomes no
different than many other historical land marks at which point you're just going
to lose even more drastically to sites of Ancient Rome, Greece, Egypt and China.