UWC IB boarding school scholarship alternatives.. I have been helping students
to apply for scholarships in international day and boarding schools, and most
seem to not understand that they are so much more alternatives to UWC. Surely,
the UWC has campuses all over the world and have national committees in a lot of
countries, but that also means higher competition for very limited places. So
here are some alternatives that you can look for. 1. SEK schools. About: They
have various scholarships such as SEK excellence scholarships, sports
performance scholarships, sporting Talent scholarships among others. Deadline:
31/03/every year. Nationality: Open to students from all nationalities Location:
Barcelona, Pontevedra and Madrid in Spain and Dublin. 2. Amadeus International
School, Austria Location: Vienna Austria Scholarship type: Academic, music and
arts, and diversity scholarships available. Full and partial awards available.
Nationality: Open to all nationalities. 3. Aiglon College, Switzerland. One of
the most prestigious scholarships available. Highly competitive as it covers
110% of expenses including tuition, accomodation, meals, round trip flight to
your home country and host family expenses for shorter holidays as well as
personal allowance. Nationality: Open to all nationalities. 4. Le Régent
International School, Switzerland. Also similar to Aiglon, highly prestigious
and competitive but its a unique experience to study at a Le Rosey sister
school. Scholarship type: Full and partial scholarships available. Nationality:
Open to all nationalities. 5. St. Clare's Oxford, UK. Scholarship type: Full and
partial, day only or day and boarding scholarships available. Nationality: Open
to primarily UK residents (citizens or not) but open to international students
too. 6. Ridley College, Canada Nationality: Open to all Coverage and scholarship
type: Tuition, accomodation, meals. 7. Shwanigan Lake school, BC, Canada.
Nationality: Open to all Coverage and scholarship type: Full scholarship
including tuition, accomodation, meals, flights. 8. Branksome Hall, ON, Canada.
Nationality: Open to all Coverage and scholarship type: merit scholarships and
generous financial aid. 9. Brookes Westshore, BC, Canada. Nationality: Open to
all Coverage and scholarship type: merit scholarships but generous financial aid
for low income students. 10. Ashbury College, ON, Canada Nationality: Open to
all but preference given to Canadian indigenous students Coverage and
scholarship type: Limited merit scholarships and generous financial aid. 11.
Townshend international school. Location: Hluboká nad Vltavou, Czech Republic.
Nationality: Open to all nationalities. Scholarship type: Please note this is a
Cambridge A levels school. Should you have some additions to the list, let us
not gatekeep as I believe motivated students should have access to high quality
education and cost shouldn't be a barrier to that.