. I have travelled both countries with a baby / toddler (same child, different
stages). As others have mentioned you should probably cut on the cities. Every
day you move from one city to the next you will lose a day. My child always has
been a really good walker and he likes trains and ice cream and pasta...so Italy
was pretty awesome. He is not so much into museums. Or I shouldn't say that. He
likes visiting museums but his pace of looking at artefacts is a bit more
rushed. When we visited Italy and France we basically did some larger cities
(always planning museum trips around playgrounds) and then also booked holiday
homes for a bit of relax time in the countryside or close to a beach. Both
countries are also semi-optimal for strollers. Given that you have two weeks I
would stick to 3-4 places: So Rome and Paris and two others. Florence and Venice
seem sensible. In Venice there is also a famous beach area: the Lido. I am sure
there are other nice beach towns close to Venice as well. This might provide you
with a bit similar relax time as the Cote D'Azur without having to travel an
extra day. Also you can take the train from Paris to Florence and from Florence
to Venice. I believe the time spend on the train is more of a toddler friendly
max time of 3h. Also arriving via train in Venice is magical. (If I would need
to decide between Venice and Florence I would pick Venice) In general what I
always find really pleasant when traveling with a child is to plan for kid
friendly activities. Obviously not Italy or France related but as an example one
can visit Schönbrun in Vienna with a child and attend a kid-friendly tour where
the kids can dress up as an empress. Or when we visited Indonesia we did some
cloth-painting workshop that without our kid we never would have done. In Italy
we always had a closer look at the local construction sides...There are also
great picture books explaining the history of countries, may it be history of
art showing pictures from the Louvre or Musee d'Orsay. But also there are fun
picture books explain the Ancient Romans.