. Oh yeah, I think we *have* talked before! Probably on AsktheWorld or
SocialDemocracy! I *knew* that style of writing was so familiar! And while yes,
Indonesia doesn't have formal diplomatic relations with Israel, it is possible -
with approval from either ministries. My government doesn't outright refuse to
acknowledge Israel's existence (like Malaysia and Brunei does), they're just
really cold. As for popular sentiments, well, I do feel isolated among my fellow
Indonesians (if one of them posting constantly about the Nakba and pro-Iran
propaganda on my Insta feed is any indication). I am probably singular in my
friend groups in my desire to one day visit Israel for a vacay (I really want to
visit Tel Aviv and Haifa). >In terms of broad themes, Israeli Jewish society is
a highly militarized very Spartan society with a siege mentality, and I honestly
think all American Jews would agree with that assessment. So it's like an Athens
vs Sparta that Israelis are famous (or infamous) for is just one example of
that. So ***that's*** where the whole reputation of 'Israelis being rude
assholes overseas' comes from! I always thought it had something to do with how
half the world hates their very existence, so like 'why bother being polite and
all that if they're gonna spit on us anyways'. I don't know whether I should be
thrilled or disappointed in knowing my assumptions were correct. >For instance,
in my experience Israelis have a “we’re all in this together” mentality that I
think both Americans and Europeans lack. In contrast to rampant polarisation and
disunity plaguing North America and Europe like urbanite Dems vs rural Reps or
Greens vs Reform? >Paragraph 4 So the baby boomers' near unconditional 'almost
unhealthy' support of Israel stems from atonement for the Immigration Act of
1924. >What makes Palestinians so special that should be an exception to this? I
put 20 bucks on 'Cold War politics and strategic proxy wars'. And we're all
dealing with yet another ideological remnant of the Cold War. >The people who
claim otherwise, like those on a subreddit that will remain nameless, I don’t
consider even slightly religious or as having much attachment to their identity.
Is it a main page sub? JewishLeft? Also, what do you think of organisations like
Jewish Voice for Peace so who knows? I'm just hedging any further judgement on
Israeli civic society until October. Also, considering both their pre- and
post-1948 history, I can't say I blame them for not giving a fuck about what the
world thinks, even if it ended up making them the latest archetypal pariah state
after apartheid South Africa as of 2025. Which honestly bothers me - a ***non-
Jew*** \- more than it probably should. If sanctions are implemented in the end
(and ideally it wouldn't have to come to that), I am somehow really concerned
about how they might impact a diaspora Jew's ability to make Aliyah or just
simply visit Israel for a holiday. Again, despite being non-Jewish and not
something that would impact me much. Am I weird for that? And if a peace deal
(ideally two-state) is reached, do you think zoomer and Gen Alpha views on
Israel will recover back into a net positive like it was pre-10/7? I certainly
hope so, because if it happened to South Africa after apartheid, I hope the same
kind of global reputation rehab can happen to Israel. Because I find myself
unable to join in the Israel-bashing - deserved as it may be - that my fellow
zoomers engage in, be it an Instagram rando or a celeb like Billie Eilish or
Melissa Barrera or Jenna Ortega or Zendaya. I hate it and I want to go back to
when Israel had a net positive/sympathetic reputation among (American) zoomers.