Attack Horror Stories - Vanda Pierri. August 17^(th), 1951; Mon Repos Beach,
Corfu Island, Greece; According to Greek mythology, there is an obscure legend
about the fate of a beautiful Libyan Queen named *Lamia*. She was the daughter
of *Poseidon,* the volatile God of the Sea, and no doubt inherited some of her
father’s temperament. For after an illicit love affair with her uncle *Zeus,*
brother of *Poseidon* and King of the Gods, *Zeus’* jealous wife *Hera* decided
to get her vengeance on *Lamia* by stealing away her husband’s mistress’ bastard
son, *Akheilios* by appealing to his vanity. *Hera* convinced *Akheilios* to
boast to everyone that his beauty was greater than that of *Aphrodite*, *Hera’s*
archrival. As punishment for his vanity, *Aphrodite* turned *Akheilios* into a
shark, in an effort to make him as hideous and ugly as he had once been
beautiful. Afterwards, *Hera* placed a torturous curse upon *Lamia*, depriving
her of her ability to sleep soundly and thus intensifying her grief over her
lost progeny. Overwhelmed by grief and rage, *Lamia* became so distraught with
madness that she gouged out her own eyes. *Zeus*, shocked and horrified at the
state of his mistress, attempted to appease her by transforming her into a
hideous, flesh-eating sea monster, with vicious teeth and jaws, and allowing her
to exact her vengeance by devouring the children of others. In the sea, she was
reunited with her shark-transformed son, and together, they reigned terror on
any wayward children who managed to stray too far from the shore. With such a
lurid backstory behind the name, perhaps it isn’t all that surprising that the
family of cartilaginous fish containing the legendary species known as
*Carcharodon carcharias* has since been dubbed *Lamnidae*. For the word *Lamna,*
in Greek, means “*fish of prey*” and its etymology is directly derived from the
name *Lamia*. And hundreds of years ago, *Lamia* was also the name occasionally
bestowed by mariners and naturalists to the man-eating species known as “*the
jagged toothed one.*” It’s little wonder that the most fearsome predatory fish
in the ocean would find itself incorporated into the myths and legends of
ancient Mediterranean history, and especially in Ancient Greece. In fact, the
first written record of sharks attacking human beings comes from this very
region. In 492 BC, *Herodotus*, the famous Greek historian and geographer, wrote
of how, during the first Persian invasion of Greece, the Persian fleet,
consisting of 300 ships and some 20,000 men commanded by *Mardonius*, was
wrecked by a shocking gale at the headlands of Mount Athos in northeastern
Greece. As *Mardonius’* soldiers floundered helplessly in the water, they were
besieged by hoards of “*sea monsters*”, which moved in to “*seize and devour*”
the struggling men of the fleet, in a horrifying event that can only be
described as a massive feeding frenzy. Apparently, according to *Herodotus*, who
was known for taking artistic liberties from time to time, of the 20,000 men of
the fleet, only a very small percentage survived the nightmare. Also from this
region, there is a tragic poem from the 3^(rd) century, in which the famous
lyric poet *Leonidas* of Tarentum tells the story of a sponge diver named
*Tharsys*, who was attacked and was killed by a giant shark. The poet goes on to
iconically state that the diver was buried, “*both on land and in the sea.”*
Clearly, the influence of sharks and the potential risk they posed to bathers
and mariners was deeply felt in this region, even going back to ancient times.
In various cultures throughout the world, the top predators the people encounter
oftentimes inspire tales, fables, and legends to be conjured up about them. Not
only as a sign of reverence and respect, but as a warning to any stray souls who
may come across them. On land, Greece has its bears and its wolves, and in the
sea, they have *Carcharodon.* As such, all three apex predators find themselves
inextricably linked in Greek mythology and ancient Greek history in various
ways. But the stories of real-life shark encounters from this region are just as
harrowing as the old legends themselves. And for the startling percentage of
these incidents, the setting would be an idyllic, well-known Greek island in the
country’s northwest. A place where the thought of shark attack would be the
furthest thing from anybody’s mind. A depiction of the Great White Shark by
French naturalist Guillaume Rondelet from the year 1554, under the name \\"De
Lamia\\" - the child-eating sea demon from Greek mythology.. Situated in the
Ionian Sea on the country’s northwestern frontier border with Albania, Corfu has
a reputation for beauty and serenity to rival that of the more popular Greek
islands of Santorini, Mykonos, and Rhodes, and has been a premier tourist
destination in Greece since the 1950s. With stunning groves of olive and cypress
trees, scenic rolling hills, and breathtaking turquoise waters along its
coastline, Corfu boasts one of the most relaxing and quintessential
Mediterranean atmospheres one could hope to find anywhere in Greece. The
stunning scenery and inviting blue waters of Corfu are plain for all to see.
Easy to see why the island has been a premier tourist destination in Greece
going back to the 1950s., 1847, Private William Mills, a 19-year-old British
soldier of the 36^(th) Worcestershire Regiment, decided to go for a leisurely
swim at dusk along the harbor wall at the port of Mandrakina. Suddenly, in front
of his comrades, Mills was seized by a very large shark, striking him from below
and behind with tremendous force. Before his mates could offer any aid from the
pier, the shark and Mills disappeared beneath the surface. A classic ambush-
style attack emblematic of the hunting patterns associated with *Carcharodon*.
Contrary to the long-standing belief that they were just occasional, rare
visitors to the sea, before rampant industrial overfishing decimated their
numbers in more recent decades, White Sharks were actually quite numerous in the
Mediterranean. In some ways, one could say this is the original home of the
White Shark, as the Mediterranean Sea was where the species was first described
by science thanks to French naturalist Pierre Belon back in the year 1553. From
the 1850s up to the 1950s, there were more than 200 verifiable records of White
Sharks in the Mediterranean, including all reported captures, sightings, and
attacks. During this period, most records came from the northeastern
Mediterranean, from Italy and Croatia's Adriatic coasts all the way to the
Aegean coast of Turkey. Smack bang in the middle of that range...was Greece.
Fortunately, whether due to circumstance or lack of reporting, attacks remained
infrequent in Greece throughout the first half of the 20^(th) century, although
other regions in the northern Mediterranean, such as the Ligurian coast of Italy
and Croatia’s Adriatic coast to the north, experienced far worse luck during
this time. However, after World War II, there would be a rash of fatal attacks
the likes of which Greece had never seen before, nor has it seen since. Over an
eight-year period, from 1948 to 1956, there were seven attacks, three in Corfu,
resulting in six deaths. Five of the seven attacks occurred over a period of
less than three years, from September 1948 to August of 1951. And it was in
August of 1951 that perhaps the most infamous shark attack in modern Greek
history took place. An event so gruesome, so tragic, and so heartbreaking, that
it would become a local legend, haunting the residents of Corfu for generations
to come. This is the true and tragic tale of Vanda Pierri. Vanda Pierri circa
1949., 1951. It was two days after the *Panagia* religious holiday when a young,
beautiful, blue-eyed Corfiot woman named Vanda Pierri decided to rendezvous with
her boyfriend from Gastouri, 18-year-old Georgios Athanasenas, and her best
friend, 16-year-old Naki Tsepeti for an afternoon of carefree seaside
recreation. Vanda Pierri was not only blessed with youth and beauty, she was
also fortunate enough to be born into one of the elite families of Corfu. Her
mother was descended from the noble house of *Kogevina*, while her father was
the director for the Corfu branch of the National Bank of Greece. As part of the
island's elite, they socialized with the wealthiest men and women of Corfu, and
they were even friendly with the Hellenic Royal Family. Vanda and Naki were both
students at the French Institute, with Vanda set to celebrate her 16^(th)
birthday later in December of that year. Georgios, meanwhile, was a second-year
student at the Military Medical School. At around 3:30 PM, the couple and their
friend met in front of the Royal Residence in Corfu Town, a three-story
neoclassical villa known as Mon Repos, situated on top of Analipsis Hill, near
the entrance to the Kanoni Peninsula and facing the Corfu Channel in the Ionian
Sea. The trio then made their way from the Royal Residence to its exclusive
seafront at nearby Mon Repos Beach. Situated in the Paleopolis Forest on the
island's central east coast and just 1.5 kilometers from the center of Corfu
Town, Mon Repos Beach is a quaint, tranquil retreat, only several hundred yards
long, with a prominent jetty protruding several hundred feet into the inviting
crystal-clear waters. The jetty, known locally as “The Queen’s Bridge”, is a
popular swimming and sunbathing spot, and it just so happened that at least a
dozen fellow beachgoers were enjoying the afternoon on the jetty, with an
additional eighty or so on the beach itself. No one had any inclination of the
horror they were only minutes away from witnessing. Vanda Pierri circa 1950.
broke the surface, its massive jaws agape. In an instant, the animal, which
according to witnesses was at least 6, perhaps even 7 meters in length, took the
completely unsuspecting Vanda headfirst into its mouth clear down to her waist.
The strike would have been so fast, so unexpected, and so devastating, that
Vanda was likely killed directly on impact. The next moment, Georgios saw his
girlfriend’s legs thrust into the air and then quickly disappear beneath the
surface as the great fish took her underwater and barreled towards him. Carrying
Vanda’s limp body in its jaws, the shark struck Georgios with its snout squarely
in the chest, nearly knocking him unconscious and pushing him several meters
through the water. The chaotic scene was quickly followed by a panicked chorus
of screaming and shouting from the jetty and from the beach. As Georgios
struggled to get away from the horror he had just witnessed, the shark broke the
surface again and began thrashing Vanda’s body violently from side to side.
Within seconds, the shark tore Vanda in half, immediately consuming her upper
half, then quickly returning for her lower half. The whole event was over in a
terrifying flash. Within minutes, all that remained of the young Vanda Pierri
was a bloodstained patch of water in the bay. \\"The Queen's Bridge\\" jetty at
Mon Repos Beach. had only just been re-established in 1950 and one of its
primary focuses was to increase the numbers of hotels and leisure areas in the
country. Desperate for an influx of foreign currency and taking advantage of its
beautiful scenery and rich history, countries all around the Mediterranean Sea
were promoting their patch of ocean as, essentially, a giant, safe swimming
pool. No tides, no storms, and definitely no teeth. Before 1950, Greece had very
few hotels, most of which were on the island of Rhodes and Santorini. Within a
thirteen-year period between 1950 and 1963, by means of what was called the
“Xenia Project” and funded by the Marshall Plan, Greece would improve its modest
tourism accommodation numbers by more than 700 beds spread across more than 70
new hotels, motels, and resorts. With the country making such a concerted effort
to make itself appealing to foreigners, perhaps it’s not surprising that the
tragic death of a beautiful young woman to the jaws of a huge shark would be
given such limited media exposure. After all, shark attacks are generally bad
for tourism. The idyllic waters of Corfu just south of the attack site. One
would never imagine such a terrifying incident to happen here. and George***
*Blissful swimming in Corfu seas,* *A secret love tryst* *Just her luck* *To
meet a stray shark* ***Vanda’s Mother*** *All the shutters* *Of the house*
*Stayed closed* *She couldn’t bear* *To see the sea* Takeaways – As with the
case of Shirley Ann Durdin, based on the eyewitness testimonies, there was
absolutely no doubt that an exceptionally large White Shark attacked and wholly
consumed the unfortunate Vanda Pierri on August 17^(th), 1951. In the history of
recorded shark attacks on man, there are a very select few cases where a full
consumption of the victim took place in front of witnesses. And its these cases
that undoubtedly etch themselves in our minds the most. With less-observed
incidents, it is much more common for a victim to simply disappear after the
attack, with no active consumption being actually observed by witnesses. And
with subsequent search operations often coming up with either fragmentary,
partial remains, damaged diving gear or swimwear, or even coming up empty handed
altogether, assumptions and interpretations are often drawn to fill in the gaps,
as well as to achieve a legal cause of death. And with assumptions comes
rebuttal and doubt, and the final disposition of many such cases are
continuously argued over by various investigators. But well-observed incidents,
like the attacks on Vanda Pierri and Shirley Ann Durdin, not only reinforce our
deepest fears of being eaten alive by a wild animal, but they prove, without a
reasonable doubt, that if the circumstances are right (or wrong), a human being
is fair game for a hungry *Carcharodon*. Which leads one to wonder... just how
many human disappearances could be the result of White Shark predation? The act
of *anthropophagy*, the act of actively feeding on human beings, is an exclusive
club to which only a select few fish belong. Of the more than 500 species of
shark, only 6 are confirmed man-eaters, which include the Bull *(Carcharhinus
leucas)*, Tiger *(Galeocerdo cuvier)*, Oceanic Whitetip *(Carcharhinus
longimanus)*, Bronze Whaler *(Carcharhinus brachyurus)*, and, the most recent
addition to the club, the Dusky Shark *(Carcharhinus obscurus)*. But of those
killers, *Carcharodon* stands head and shoulders above all the rest. A powerful,
opportunistic, generalist predator, White Sharks have been recorded feeding on
more than 200 different species of animal, from invertebrates, fish, birds,
reptiles, and more than 20 species of mammal, including humans. And it's backed
up by the numbers. Since records began, out of the 341 fatal attacks attributed
to this species, approximately 45% have ended in either consumption or failure
to recover the victims’ remains. And in Greece, as well as other areas
throughout the Mediterranean, this has been a disturbingly recurring theme. In
fact, from 1900 to 1989, one could even go so far to say that it was rare to
recover remains after a fatal White Shark attack in the Mediterranean. A massive
6-meter White Shark, caught on July 3rd, 1973, off the coast of Priouri in the
Halkidiki Province in northeastern Greece., near Budva, Montenegro, when
21-year-old Stevan Stevica Tomašević was taken while cliff jumping with friends
near Mogren Beach. The next month, on August 26^(th), 32-year-old German tourist
Karla Podzun was taken just meters from shore off Opatija, Croatia. The next
year, in July of 1956, back in Corfu, Greece, a 15-year-old girl, surname
Margoulis, was taken by a huge Great White while swimming from her family’s
anchored yacht. That same month, 40-year-old Englishman Jack Smedley was taken
while swimming with a friend in St. Thomas Bay, Malta. All these cases involved
large White Sharks, and remarkably, in all cases, no remains were ever
recovered. Simply put, the 1950s were a downright dangerous decade for anyone
swimming in the Mediterranean. And when looking at the numbers for Greece
specifically, this becomes especially clear. Indeed, of the 15 verifiable shark
attack records that have come from Greece over the last 180 years, resulting in
a total of 12 fatalities, 11 have involved swimmers, with an astonishing 9 of
those resulting in death. Of those deaths, a very high percentage, if not
practically all of them, have involved no recovery of remains. Sometimes, the
only fact that is known is that the person was attacked and subsequently
disappeared, as only a handful of these 15 cases have verifiable names, dates,
and locations attached to them. However, in all cases in which the encounter
proved fatal, White Shark involvement was either confirmed or highly suspected.
In fact, when taken as a whole, the overall percentages of fatal incidents
occurring in the Mediterranean involving White Sharks which result in no remains
being recovered or outright consumption are shockingly high, only being rivaled
by Australia. This fact becomes especially poignant, and downright chilling,
when you realize that the prevailing notion in Greece at the time, even amongst
the local residents, was that their warm, clear, and inviting Mediterranean
waters were supposedly shark-free. When in reality, in terms of percentages, up
until 1989, the White Sharks of the Mediterranean were among the deadliest in
the world. The investigation continues. Next destination...St. Thomas Bay,
Malta. Links & Supporting Media – [ [ [ [ De Maddalena, Alessandro & Heim,
Walter. “*Mediterranean Great White Sharks – A Comprehensive Study Including All
Recorded Sightings*”. McFarland & Company, Inc., Publishers. 2012. [