. This sounds like an amazing family trip! 1. Milos - I recommend removing one
day and using it to add to either Athens or Naxos. (a) Athens - if you add your
day here, the trip to Delphi is definitely worth the visit. My one concern is
that the trip to Delphi is all day. That might be a lot for your young children
to be in a car or on a tour bus for approximately 5-6 hours. If you decide not
to visit Delphi, Athens has nice museums that your kids might enjoy - Hellenic
Children’s Museum and Museum of Illusions. Keep in mind late July in Greece is
very hot so being inside an air conditioned museum or your hotel pool might be
the perfect thing for your young children. Especially midday. (b) Naxos - if you
decide to add your day here instead of Athens, that gives you six - 6 nights in
Naxos. With six nights there, it’s worth taking a day trip via ferry to Paros or
Antiparos. I don’t believe that Mykonos is family friendly - we enjoyed it, but
it has an adult vibe. Unless you’re going to Delos, my suggestion is to skip
Mykonos & go for a day trip to Paros or Antiparos instead. 2. Santorini - again
late July is very hot even morning or early evening. Since your family enjoys
hikes, consider doing the abbreviated version in the morning - Fira to
Imerovigli then take the bus from Imerovigli to Oia. OR do a boat tour from Fira
to Oia. That way you get to see the beautiful caldera from the water. Doing a
late afternoon boat tour, you will get to see the famous Oia sunset while
avoiding the crowds. (a) Black Beach - spend time at a black beach in Santorini.
We like Perissa. (b) I believe that 2 nights is sufficient in Santorini. The
main things to see/do for your family - the Oia sunset, hike (abbreviated
version recommended), and a black beach. (c) I don’t recommend Akrotiri because
the archeological discovery is still in the early stages. When we were there 2
years ago, the archeologists had not yet discovered their first human remain -
it’s difficult to discern history without any remains. Fortunately, we had an
excellent tour guide. She did a great job of “imaging” what Akrotiri “might”
have been like. Everyone else without a tour guide tried to hire her on the spot
because without a tour guide, there’s just no context until a discovery is made.
If you still want to go & want my tour guide’s info, I’m happy to send it to
you. We loved her! (d) Lots of people say skip Santorini, but I agree with your
9-year old. Lol 😆 It’s beautiful. We stayed for 3 nights, relaxed at the beach
and our hotel because it had a gorgeous view of the caldera and plunge pools. We
went to a winery - Santos, Perissa Beach for a few hours + lunch, went to see
Red Beach during the golden hour which is stunning! Had lunch at Ammoudi Bay and
visited Akrotiri. So 3 days was just right for us. But some of the things on our
agenda are not family-friendly for your children. Additional comments: Athens is
safe, but has the same issues as any international city. Petty crimes like
pickpocketing and scams. Wear crossbody messenger bag/purse that zips. Don’t let
anyone put a bracelet on your wrist, it’s a scam. They will hound you for money.
Acropolis - get your tickets in advance online. I believe that they become
available on the 1st day of the month. So for July tickets - July 1st. But that
doesn’t seem to be hard & fast, so maybe begin checking late June. Try to do the
early morning tour of Acropolis (1st one of the day). I realize it might be
tough to get your kids up so early, but It is very hot and anytime after about 9
or 10am is just unbearable to be at the top of the Acropolis with the sun
beaming down on you - no shade. We did the last tour of the day, which was nice,
but we went in September, shoulder season. During high season, if it gets too
hot, the tourism board will close the Acropolis down for the safety and
protection of its employees. So doing the last tour in July is risky - the
Acropolis might close down. Try to stay in the city center. Monastiraki and
Psyri are probably the more affordable city center options. Be careful about
selecting accommodations in Omonia or Exarcheia (sp) - it’s spotty. Certain
parts of those neighborhoods have widespread drug use and prostitution. Things
you don’t want your children exposed to. I hope this is helpful. Enjoy your
trip!