2ish month Eastern Europe backpaacking trip. Hi all. In my gap year I took a 2
month backpacking trip around Europe and absolutely loved it. I went to Greece,
Croatia, Italy, France, Netherlands Germany. I found myself to enjoy faster-
paced travel (spending 7 days in Sicily made me go insane) and grittier cities
like Athens and Berlin. I am thinking of taking another gap year post-uni to
visit Eastern Europe. This is early days for the idea but would love to hear
recommendations and hidden gems especially of nature for these places. Munich:
4ish days to see Eibsee and another daytrip to the alps? Would really only need
1 day in Munich to see people surfing the river and some of the swimming lakes
Berlin: 5ish days. I spent 2 weeks here last trip and fell in love but would
really only be here for techno clubs Through Warsaw to Lviv for 3 days: Not
certain but would love to visit Ukraine as my grandma is Ukrainian and Lviv is
safer than Kyiv Chisinau: 3 days including a daytrip to Tiraspol: a 100% must.
Sofia: (or somewhere else in Bulgaria) Not sure? Looks beautiful and would love
to go but the least priority out of these places. Any recommendations to make me
more keen? Belgrade: spend about 5ish days to hopefully see a friend and stay
with her Hiking through Albania: is Theth the best place? How many days? Athens:
3 or 4 days. Stayed near Omonia and still fell in love with Athens and the
grittiness of the city. Any other mainland Greece recommendations? Greek Island:
Spent 5 days in Mykonos and that was far too long. 4 days on a different island?
I hate getting around islands due to lack of transport so maybe less days in a
perfect and accessible accommodation. Set on the Greek islands because the water
in Mykonos stays on my mind everyday Turkey? Not sure, would love to go to
Istanbul and maybe the Turkish riviera? But would have to think about logistics
harder. Same with Tbilisi Let me know thoughts! I love food, soviet art and
architecture, swimming/beaches and I am a beginner hiker so easy daytrip trails
would be nice or something accessible to tourists.. nothing too off the grid. I
don't care about summitting or high views. Happy to look at awesome mountains,
lakes and waterfalls from the ground 😄