Discovering Thailand and Catching some opportunities. Appreciate for any helpful
comments.. Hello folks! I am originally from Istanbul, Turkiye. I used to live
in Europe in past (Barcelona, Athens and Malta) and I traveled most of Europe
but have never been to another continent. I am addicted to traveling. I'm lately
very interested in traveling solo to Southeast Asia but especially Thailand and
Vietnam and then maybe move there if I find some opportunities. I don't have any
remote job, I am recently working in a full time job and I go there with my
savings. If I find something good to invest, then I can do. I'm planning to fly
to Bangkok first in November with 2000$ for a month (accommodation and food,
international and domestic flights are not included). I want to see most of
places I find interesting. My intention with this budget is traveling,
discovering countries, looking for opportunities, relaxing, experiencing, etc.
My investment budget will be different but probably less then 13000$. Especially
one friend of my friend went there 2 or 3 years ago and he grow up cannabis(not
sure in a outdoor land or in a indoor farm) then he took over a coffee shop and
he stayed there for more than a year. I don't know how possible it is nowadays,
I would love to hear your stories if any of you experienced it. It could be
something else of course, it is from my limited imagination and I am sure I will
see many others when I get there. Just sounds cool to be a legal producer :) I
want to experience something unique also, this is why I am checking about some
volunteering (taking care of elephants, teaching English in some villages, etc)
I can also make my staying in Asia longer with this way. Mainly I wanna see
Thailand and Vietnam but Philippines, Malaysia, Indonesia, Cambodia and other
countries are also in my list. So, my questions are; How was your experience in
Thailand as a investor? Is it safe to move your capital there and is it easy to
get a residence permit? Cannabis business is lucrative or it is a bubble and
there are overloaded supplies? If you had 13000 bucks and you were a person who
already travelled Thailand and you decided to start a business. What would it
be? What's the best way of traveling over there? Plane, train, bus, ferry? What
should I consider of staying away? I don't have exact plan yet, it is still a
spark for me but I am getting more serious day by day. Thanks in advanced if you
even read until the end. See you in Asia bittchhzzzz.