. Former Expat here, that is happy to be back in Frankfurt! Let me share from my
personal experience: Going abroad isn't always easy, it will challange you but
you will grow with it, and you will stay if it's woth staying and go if it's not
worth and both is fine. Frankfurt is like everyone mentioned a very
international city, less rule based than other german cities and you don't need
german skills in the city center. Some people from eastern Europe don't like it,
others enjoy it. Germany is in general very green. Frankfurt has a lot of small
parks to discover and you will be able to do the outdoor activities you enjoy.
Climate is the same as well, which is an important point. If you want to move to
another city, go there first. I made the mistake once, moved to a city most
people would love to live in and tbh, I didn't like it. I know Prague isn't
direct connected to Frankfurt, but try to visit it before for a long weekend.
Take the monthly pass, avoid the main station district, have a walk through
Bockenheim, Bornheim, Dornbusch and Nordend and try to get an idea if it would
be fine for you there. Walk along the river, look at the possibilities of
museums on the southern side, the old city center and get an idea if you like
this kind of city vibe. Take the train to Bad Homburg and check it a bit out as
well to see if you prefer the city itself or the outer districts. S-Bahn is a
huge advantage of the city. Regarding how Czech people are portraied in Germany
you don't need to worry, things like what you assume happen usually only with
old people that live on the countryside where it's a long distance to any city.
There is the saying that Czech people are the most german eastern Europeans and
it's true. From all eastern european people I saw, Czech and Polish people are
the group that staying probably for ever because the like the way of living.
But, on the other hand I know especially Czech and Polish people that don't like
Frankfurt because of the amount of arab and african people in the city (don't
kill the messenger). And one final sentence which hit it the most about
Frankfurt because I'm not originally from Frankfurt: In Frankfurt you cry two
times: The first time when you move to live in Frankfurt and the second time
when you move to leave Frankfurt. (It's a super strange sentence, but it's true
:D) If you are in Frankfurt, let me know :)