. 2-3 swim suits you can hand wash and rinse them and they will dry in 30 min.
Most places have walk racks for clothing. Walking shoes or walking all purpose
sandles - remember most of the island beach’s you have to hike to. Also if you
are a swimmer get swimming shoes we have rocks lots of rocks. Along the shoe
very few sandy beaches. Also look up water quality, currents, and over all
conditions. This year we have had out breaks of jelly fish and sea urchins so
when picking a beach look for those things in the mornings. Stay away from high
heels - the road here are trash and that’s in Athens on the island it’s all
cobble stones. you will twist your ankle and not all island have hospitals. But
if you need one they are cost effective. (Medical tourism overlooked in Greece
but we have the best beauty treatments, plastic surgery, dental etc for very low
cost. Everyone goes to Turkey but we are much better, better doctors better
after care same same price as Turkey. ) You should pack a few sun dresses and
some shorts and tops. You can hand wash and rewear. Toiletries you can get here
Korres is a great Greek brand w sunscreen and hair care etc you can get at any
pharmacy. Also always get the small water at the kiosks, the small water is a
regulated price .5 euros anywhere. - airport and island, the bigger bottle is
not regulated and they price gouge. Drink a lot of water and use a lot is sun
screen and you will have a great time. Extra Sunglasses and a shawl as it can
get cold at night. Also Greece is very safe. One of the safest European
countries for women. We are ranked number 4 for safety for women and the 3 about
us are all basically tied. So really that’s like top 2 for safety. Google Maps
and Google Translate work great here. Also Greek men are generally decent. They
are fine w being rejected as they will go find another tourist. Other travelers
you might need to be a little more cautious with. However if you ever feel un
comfortable - go find a mom w kids. I know kids can be annoying if you want
peace, however moms watch their kids and they will notice if some guy is
harassing you and will have no issue shouting him away or sending their husband
to.