. Do you live here? Do you go out in the streets and interact with the people?
Were you present during the pro-Trump parades when he was here? Because,
otherwise, why is your opinion worth more than that of people who do live here?
I don't support any political party; I believe that, essentially, all our
governments since I've been old enough to vote (so, the first one was
Thatcher's) are essentially doing what they think is the best for the UK. A lot
of what you say sounds like a caricature of us, which, if I may say so, is often
expressed by Trump supporters in the USA. It's not the UK I recognise as I go
about my daily life, which, I assure you, is not especially materially
privileged. I did live in London for about 25 years, but now, as I say, I live
in what you'd call a Rust Belt town. I travel very widely for work, and not
especially to privileged areas. I see a lot of England, Scotland and Wales on a
weekly basis. Over the course of my life, I simply don't recognise all the
things you say about the wrong path. Yes, of course, economically speaking, we
are in a very different position from 1945 or 1939, but that is hardly
surprising with the economic rise of Asia. Yes, of course there are more
minority ethnic people in the UK than there were when I was born, but in
general, they are good British citizens. I don't find people have less sense of
community, less kindness, less integration than they did when I was growing up
(and when I was living in a much less working-class area than I am now). Yes,
sure, we're very different in our outlook and values, but I see that as mainly
good and not bad; many many things are better now than they were then. As for
ReformUK (it remains to be seen if Restore does anything but in general the
small right-wing parties have not) and its predecessors, well, its rise is very
natural - all European countries have a nativist party and Reform had its
previous incarnations in the Brexit Party and before that UKIP. It seems to me
entirely legitimate that the people often described as 'left-behinds' - the
people who live in our equivalent of the Rust Belt and in other depressed areas
like the coast (Coast =half the hinterland and a massive decline in tourism for
some decades because of cheap flights to Spain etc, where the weather is more
reliable). I am obviously sad about it, because all the other parties are
essentially One Nation, even if they tilt one way or the other. but I understand
why. It's much easier and more tempting to blame 'the other' and especially
immigrants, for what is simply that the rest of the world has caught up with the
standards of living we had and have. The economic and social issues in places
like the town where I live exist because it is hard to regenerate places where
the old industries (my town was a mining town, and there is now no coal mining
in the UK) have stopped. People turn to populism because they feel, indeed, left
behind. Reform is especially supported by older people, who are the ones who
have the greatest trouble adapting to the modern digital world. And of course,
the change in the values of the Labour party has had an effect- New Labour came
into being when it saw that its traditional working class base was declining in
number to the point where it would never get into power any more. So yeah, I
dunno how we would differ in our world views less than we do- maybe if we were
friends and shared something of our everyday lives, and you might see that 2026
Britain isn't so bad after all, outside how your media and mine portray it. I
think both rolling news and of course social media are incredibly distorting in
being able to amplify isolated events or phenomena. Yes, I cannot deny that one
big thing is harder for younger people than it was for older people, and that is
how much you need to earn before you can buy a property. But otherwise, I don't
see around me the UK you describe. I don't think we went down the wrong path; I
think you should trust that we have, over the past 50 years. You speak about
King Charles- he has, all his life, been one of the most passionate exponents of
a lot of things you don't agree with. Again, I dunno, maybe you have lived here
for a long time, and maybe you have seen things change with your own eyes. But
otherwise, British people think as they do not because they are hoodwinked or
their stuff is censored, but because, in general, we all just get on together
and indeed get on with it. In general, we don't live in an especially divided or
an especially divisive society. When you say you want the best for us, I don't
know what that would look like in your ideal. There were a lot of bad things
about the Britain of the 60s and 70s, and one's life was only great, really, if
one happened to be one of a privileged few. All governments since WW2 here have
striven to make things better for as many people as possible.