. I haven't read anything about your resort, but if it claims its food is
authentic then it must go way beyond the "meat on a stick" Greek restaurants you
find in the States. In that case you should expect the following to appear in
the menu at some point: Pastitsio Moussakas Briam Imam bayildi Papoutsakia Horta
Fava (from split peas, not fava beans) Tzatziki Melitzanosalata Tirokafteri
Zucchini fritters Stuffed zucchini flowers Tomato fritters Tomato salad Greek
salad Olives on their own (not just kalamatas) Makaronia me kima Hylopites
Giouvetsi Oven-baked lemon potatoes Oven-baked lamb or chicken or goat Fasolada
Fasolakia Lentil soup Fish soup Gemista Spanakopita Tiropita Anything-pita (pita
= savoury pie) Tiropitakia Stifado (veal, rabbit or octopus) Youvarlakia
(personal favorite) Kokkinisto Katsikaki Katsarolas (stovetop goat) Grilled fish
(too many varieties to list) Shrimp spaghetti Astakos spaghetti (Greek lobster)
Karavides (langoustines) Mussels Kalamarakia Octopus (grilled) Souvlaki Lamb,
spitroasted Kontosouvli Splinantero Loukaniko Pork chops Lamb chops Bifteki
Several types of bread Cheeses (There's feta, but then there's a long list of
other cheeses that you don't see in States: kasseri, graviera, kefalotyri,
kefalograviera, myzithra---fresh and dried---manouri, anthotyro, metsovone,
ladotyri, kopanisti, galotyri, xinotyri, and others. Availability depends on
what part of Greece you are in.) That's off the top of my head. So, by referring
to the above you'll be able to check how authentic places really are.
Personally, I'd try to stay away from the stuff that you do see in the States.
So much more food to explore here! As far as Athens attractions go: Acropolis
(Parthenon and nearby buildings) Odeon of Herodes Atticus AM NAM Ancient Agora
Panathenaic Stadium Syntagma, change of the guards Benaki Museum Museum of
Cycladic Art Mount Lycabettus Mount Philopappos Museum of Islamic Art Athens
National Garden Zappeion Ermou St (shopping) Church of Kapnikaréa And of course
the neighbourhoods of Plaka, Monastiraki, Psirri, and Anafiotika. Or you could
do a food tour of Athens. That's more than enough. Note that most of the above
are walking distance from Acropolis.