Can someone mark my AQA Lang Paper 1 Q5?. **Edit: This was the question -->
"Travel broadens the mind, but it also destroys the soul of a city. We should
stop being 'tourists' and start being 'travelers' who actually respect the
places we visit."** Let's talk about Japan - its beautiful snowy regions prosper
as if Zeus himself sent a punishment, blossoming with foliage, amongst heart-
warming, hidden, historic hama yumis, in temples. For the Nihonjin, these sacred
spiritual sights should be respected and maintained at the higher order.
Situated in Kyoto, drowning in greenery, where the still and calm water
blissfully ripples, paved roads of knowledge and holiness lead to temples of
respect and Japanese origins, tourists can be found roaming the streets. Whereas
Japanese respect their tradition and the soul of Kyoto, eager tourists can be
seen disrespectfully taking pictures and selfies in these holy houses of God.
Anger smiles towering, in shiny metallic purple armour, her fiery green gown
sneering at the grassy ground - while outsiders may be there for a week and take
some happy snaps, they uphold ultimate disrespect and fuel hatred from the
servants of God, who work endlessly to care for these temples. Wouldn't you
argue this is a global and universal problem? You and I, living in England
especially? You take London's tourist attraction as a commodification, not aware
of its real dangers. Sometimes, tourists jump queues, and have clearly forgotten
all their manners on the plane. Don't you hate social faux pas imposed by
tourists - when they casually ask you what your wage is, and where you live -
for the whole country to eavesdrop? Hence, from the idyllic, peaceful,
meditative ambience of Kyoto to the hidden underground suburbs of a largely
diverse and tourist-reliant London, travel clearly disrupts the soul of cities
worldwide. Again then, maybe the government plan it that way. It's no secret
that travel increases the economy. Based on official government records, in
2025, the economy grew almost 7% due to the tourism sector. While some argue
that this might just be superficial, records do back this - and if tourism can
exponentially increase the economy tenfold, wouldn't it also improve our lives
as inhabitants of this country? Additionally, in an ever-growing and ever
diverse-world, do we really want to live in a homogenized society? Living in a
London filled to the brim with Chinese restaurants and Indian take-aways, we
clearly benefit from tourism. Yet, at what cost to the local culture? As you can
see, it depends on whatever view you lean towards. Personally speaking, I am
proud of my background - my family migrated from India to Kenya and Mauritius,
and from Nairobi and Port Louis to London. I look around at our beautiful
capital, with a smile. What do I see? I see a country so diverse and full of
tourists - from Chinese to Somali, that by adding to our culture, we can always
benefit from tourism. It never 'destroys' the soul of a country, but rather adds
to it.