. About to go on my 8th trip to Europe with 3 kids all under 12. Also have been
to Asia twice with them. Here’s a few things I do: 1. We only do tablets when we
travel (airplane, train), never at home. My kids do really with long journeys
because they have access to something they normally don’t have. I will often let
them use them at night as well when we are back at the airbnb/hotel. 2. My older
2 kids have started using computers and are learning how to use google. I let
them research ideas of things they’d want to see. I find it helps create buy-in.
For instance, one child has chosen to do a Natural History Museum for our next
trip (loves dinosaurs). If you don’t want them to be exposed to too many
options, perhaps present a few options to your child and let the child look at
them and decide. 3. I always structure the day where there’s something kid
friendly. Usually I try to do the thing that they’d probably find boring (but
that I want to do) in the morning and then I save the fun exciting kid thing in
the afternoon (we’ve gone to many zoos & aquariums abroad). Usually we stick to
1 thing in the morning, lunch, and one thing in the afternoon. Sometimes they
just want dinner at home. 4. Along with points 2 and 3, we talk a lot about
compromise with them. There’s 5 of us traveling and we all have different
interests. Some things Dad is really excited about, some things Mom is, some
things child #1, etc… Mom certainly wouldn’t choose to go to a zoo, but is doing
it for children #2 and #3… 5. I always research where the playgrounds/parks are
beforehand. Kids love to move and let out energy that way. Been to playgrounds
in every country we’ve visited. 6. About a week before the trip, I go through
the itinerary with them. Kids do better when they know what to expect. We also
sit and watch short kid friendly videos of the places they’ll see. This works
really well because they get more excited in person when they see and recognize
it. For instance, my kids were very excited to see the Colosseum in Rome because
they had just learned about it the week before and knew what they were seeing.
7. Our kids earn a daily allowance while abroad that can be used as spending
money at the end of the trip (in our family they can earn up to $4 a day). I
know it kind of sounds ridiculous to pay your kids for good behavior but we see
it as we expect a lot out of them and it’s a lot that they’re experiencing (time
changes, lots of walking, seeing sights they may not care for, trying new
foods). They can then use that money to buy a souvenir at the end. Hope this
helps. If anything else comes to mind I’ll share.