. Yay I get to contribute to this sub! Sorry for the long post I was born and
grew up in Madeira, moved out at 18 to study and stayed abroad. Madeira Island
is an objectively beautiful place, with accolades such as the Hawaii of Europe
and has won several awards as the best island destination. It's bigger than you
might imagine, but the population is only of about 250-300k. The economy is
tourism based or adjacent. Growing up there had its positives and negatives. On
the bright side, people are very friendly, it's a beautiful place and very very
safe, even when alone at night (tho I'm a man so understandably a woman might
have a different opinion). The temperatures are consistent throughout the year
with a just a few colder/rainier/windier months, so I never owned a proper
winter jacket till I moved away and having a light jacket alongside a rain coat
mid winter tends to be enough. The negatives are very similar with what you
might hear from rural or small places. It can get boring, things you might take
for granted like going to a big name concert, a big shopping centre with the
latest brands and trends, Amazon next day delivery, etc are not really an
option. Everything is a flight away, you don't get cheap holidays or weekend
getaways in the same way you might be used to for example. And even for us
locals, flights are quite expensive (including the mainland), so unless you're
moderately wealthy travelling can be a bit rough on your pocket. I never lived
in Funchal, but just in the city next to it. But my school, friends,
extracurriculars and other activities were all there, so I spent 80% of my time
there. Funchal is certainly the capital. It's the biggest city where you'll find
everything. To me it used to be a 20 min drive to go to school, but I hear that
recently tourism has increased in such an exponential way that the small
highways have hit their limits and that same trip can take up to an hour. Being
a tourist hot-spot and a very nice place to retire means two things: one is that
development has multiplied incredibly, the other is that it's made funchal
completely unaffordable, with house prices and rents comparing to places like
Lisbon or some areas of London even. And salaries are very low in comparison,
some of the lowest in the country. This used to mean that it was cheap to live
there but now not so much. It's also a hot-spot for digital nomads and second
homes so you can imagine how that translates in the market. I could keep on and
on but essentially it's an amazing place, beautiful, safe and warm year round.
It can also get boring and there aren't that many opportunities in general. It's
become quite expensive and its tourism based economy can no longer handle the
amount of tourists coming in. Salaries are low but the quality of life can still
remain high if you live outside of Funchal. However, the poor are very poor and
the rich are very rich in comparison. I probably missed a bunch of stuff so if
you have questions shoot away. I realised I also forgot to mention what I call
the "island mentality": people are relatively conservative in matters of
immigration, queerness and all you might consider liberal. It's not horrible,
but noticeable. Politics are also another matter that I could get into if you're
curious tho I'm not necessarily an expert in the politics there since I moved.
Despite all this, I still recommend people go! I fly over a couple times a year
to be with family and Funchal changes a bit every time I go.