Homeward Bound - [34]. Hello again, it’s that one Krev story again. We get to
see the living accommodations the trio have when on Earth and a possible plan
forming as to what to do the next day. I think the Krev would lose their minds
and fall for every tourism scam possible before becoming jaded by humans, but
secretly still loving them. Once again, thank you to Loc, for proofreading this
chapter and u/SpacePaladin15 for creating the cuddly green pangolins that I am
slowly losing my mind to. **Memory Transcription Subject: Breeve, Krev Tourism
Expert** Date \[*standardized human time*\]: January 31, 2161 I shook my paws
trying to get some blood back to them, before tucking them back under each
other. It was far too cold to be walking this late at night, especially when it
was still snowing. Cruth trudged ahead of us, intensely looking at his holo pad
to make sure we didn’t get lost in the winding streets. I was worried about how
much he was staring at the screen when Edward almost slipped on another piece of
ice. He recovered and tried to act like nothing had happened. “Are you alright?”
He asked, seeing me blow on my paws. “Just-just cold.” I played up my symptoms
seeing if I could get a hug from him. To my delight he wrapped an arm around me,
using his cute little hand to rub up and down my arm before retracting. The only
thing stopping me from tackling him for a hug or to maybe pet the hair of his
head was the heavy looking bag he carried on his back. And the almost invisible
ice. He rubbed his gloved hands together and I was really, really trying to
fight the urge not to try and tickle the tiny, cute digits. My will gave out as
I grabbed hold of one of his hands and held it as we followed Cruth. He squeezed
my paw before I spoke quietly. “I love you.” “I love you too.” *‘Awwwww, why did
the complex have to be so far away? I wanna cuddle so badly.’* My chest swelled
as I heard the words, the reminder that he introduced me as his partner still
rocketed my mind with happiness. A year ago, and I would think someone mad if
they said I’d be walking on a planet of primates with a totally adorable
boyfriend. Edward turned to look at me as I cooed a little. “What’s wrong?” He
asked, as we rounded a corner following the tracks Cruth left behind. “Nothing,
just thinking about how lucky I am.” “I can probably guess what you’re already
thinking then?” “You can guess if you want.” I smirked. “Alright. You’re
thinking about being on Earth, among humans and that everything is overly cute?”
“Partly, you’re forgetting about being near you.” “Ah, I was more thinking you
might be pondering if I should get my ears pierced or if you want to run a brush
or comb through my hair.” The mental image made me feel all fuzzy inside. Being
able to run my claws through his hair, but maybe styling his hair like some Obor
stylers did sound cool, though I’m probably not the best at it. “I’m not the
best at styling fur, but I’d like to see you with your ears pierced at least.” I
calmed my racing mind a little by breathing in more of the cool air. I was
getting lost in the moment. “Maybe.” He pulled out his pad and started going
through photos, most of which I had seen before. He finally found what he was
looking for after checking the walkway for ice and turned the pad toward me. My
mouth opened to form words, but I couldn’t make a sound. It was too precious.
The photo was of him when he was a teenager. He had long brown hair, tied back
into a ponytail, like some of the other humans I saw. His face was so young back
then, so full of hope in his eyes. He looked happy. *‘I wish I could make him
happy like that again.’* I looked a little closer, seeing the little ears and
the tiny bits of silver looking metal in them. It was so cute. I involuntarily
trilled again not being able to hold the emotion at bay. He retracted the pad
before I could start looking through the rest of the photos and pocketed it
again. “You know it’s a little cute watching you get like this.” He started as a
car drove past us. The frigid air left in the car’s wake made me want to get to
the warm condo sooner. At least it’s not too far now. “I think you should get
your ears pierced again. It’ll be adorable to see them and all the different
ones you could have.” I exclaimed. “If you’re paying for them all, fine.” “It’s
a deal then.” I grabbed his hand, staring up at him. “Fine.” He grumbled. *‘Ohh,
this’ll be so fun, maybe I could do what Thiake did and get her to turn one of
my scales into an accessory for him?’* The thought made me bubble with
excitement before I realised that I had work to do when we got to the Condo. I
needed to check where the other exchange pairs were. That, and if they made it
to their accommodation safely or if they were still enroute. *‘Cuddles will have
to wait.’* My sullen mood was disguised as being cold when we finally found the
complex, Cruth was standing outside the entrance waiting for us. The building
was tall, five floors total. It had a sleek look with plenty of windows and even
a few terraces looking out to the street and surrounding areas. Next to it was a
large park, the snow obscuring most of my view to the point it was hard to make
out any objects. “What took you guys so long? It’s freezing out here.” “Sorry, I
didn’t want to slip on any ice.” Edward spoke, before I turned to them both
heading for a set of stairs. “We’re on the fourth floor, in building A.” I said,
starting to climb up the exterior stairs feeling the wind buffeting my scales.
Hastily the other two followed me. The snow somehow becoming worse the higher up
we got before we were able to enter into the building, shielding us from the
wind and finally into the condo itself. Just not after failing to put the right
code into the keypad twice and making a fool of myself. I sighed, finally being
able to get rid of the extra weight on my tail, letting the duffle bag fall to
the floor as soon as the door shut. Cruth turned the lights on as Edward placed
his ruck on the floor. We were finally here, home for the foreseeable future.
The entrance led into a hallway with adjacent rooms that ended in an open living
area, with a kitchen and island countertop adjoined to it. It was nice, better
than a lot of places I’ve had to stay while working for a tourism board. The
living room had a long couch that bent around at a 90-degree angle. Opposite it
was a TV and a table, while on the walls hung art pieces that I couldn’t
decipher. “Why is it colder in here than outside?” Edward asked, searching
around the door for a thermostat. I pulled out my pad, it had been connected to
the condo complex when I unlocked the door and turned the heating up from off.
“It’ll warm up soon, give it a few minutes.” I said, starting to look through
the rooms. “I’m calling this room.” Cruth said, peeking his head out of a door.
Inside was a single bed, a tv opposite it and a balcony facing the park outside.
It was well furnished and the view even with the snow and dark outside made it
feel cozy. He started unpacking his things when I had a look at the next room
over, it being a simple bathroom. Black tiled walls, while the floor had white.
A standing shower was set in the corner and a bath next to it. The thought of
taking a soak was nice after travelling for so long. The opposite side of the
hallway was a storage room of some kind, the place having nothing but a light
source and a small window. The last room was another bedroom, this time it being
a double bed with a similar set up to Cruth’s room. Though, this one had a
wardrobe embedded into a wall with a similar view overlooking the park below us,
the snow blocking a lot of the view. “I guess this is ours then.” Edward said,
hauling both our bags into the room. “I think so.” I added, starting to unpack
with him. “There’s only two bedrooms, isn’t the administration going to be a
little suspicious?” The human asked, removing the heavy coat, draping it over a
chair at a desk. “If the story Cruth spun is believed, they’ll think I’m
sleeping on the couch out there.” I opted not to mention why there was a double
bed in the room. The exchange seemed to have a lot of Krev and human pairs.
“Actually, where are the other Overseers staying?” He asked, starting to take
items out of his own bag. “I think they were working so that you’d be placed in
the middle of where most of your group is. Easy to go and deal with anything
happening or if issues arise somewhere.” “Does that mean you are supposed to be
somewhere else?” “Sort of…” “Breeve?” He arched an eyebrow. “…I am supposed to
be somewhere in London right now. Near the space port for getting flights.” I
was meant to be staying near some place called Heathrow in a small dwelling to
monitor the exchange pairs. The human sighed, dumping the rest of his rucksack
onto the floor to organise the clothes. “What if they come asking for why you’re
here? Do they even know you’re here?” He asked, sitting on the floor cross
legged in an adorable manner and started sorting his clothes into piles. I
almost stopped what I was doing to go pet him. His head was at just the right
height for it as well. *‘Ohhh, why did his hair have to look so soft?’* “Hey,
don’t go starry eyed when I’m asking a serious question.” “Oh, sorry. Um, if
they do ask, I can say that since you sleepwalk, I’m here since it becomes a
problem for other people. Basically, if I was going to be called anywhere, it’ll
be here the most.” “I see.” He replied. We fell into a silence as we unpacked
our things. I set my work stuff to the side and started looking through my
duffel wanting to fill the silence a little. “So, that was your dad?” I
tentatively asked. “I guess so.” “You sound disappointed, what's going on?”
“…Just thinking.” “About what?” “Just… Everything. He seemed kind, but I don’t
know.” “Well, we have tomorrow to talk to him. He does look a lot like you.” I
added at the end remembering the aged look he had. It was nice to see them both
meet after all this time, I was excited to see what would happen tomorrow. “Hey,
I’m done unpacki-“Cruth entered the room before stopping staring at Edward who
just looked up at him. “No.” He replied as the Krev’s shoulders slumped. Cruth
lingered like that for a moment looking at Edward again before the humans
sighed. “Fine, little one.” The Krev perked up immediately, trotting toward
Edward who just kept sorting through his clothes. Cruth stooped down next to the
human and lightly tapped him on the head before running his claws through his
hair. I wasn’t jealous, not the slightest amount of jealousy passed my mind as I
watched the outrageous sight happening next to me. “Cruth, we were just
discussing that Breeve isn’t actually meant to be staying here.” He said, making
it seem like Cruth wasn’t running his claws through his hair. Cruth trilled
before nodding. “I know what you’re doing.” I said, finally having all my work-
related things placed on the desk and stowing my duffle away in the closet. “And
what would that be?” He asked, finishing folding a pair of trousers. “Just know
that you won’t be getting away with doing that.” I replied, knowing that he’ll
not be able to escape me later. *‘Ack. Why’d I have to go and do work now? It’s
so tantalising to go and cuddle the human.’* Watching as the pair in the room
made me immensely jealous. I needed a clear head if I was going to be able to
get any work done. I grabbed my binders and pad before heading out into the
hall. “I’m going to finish some of the Overseer…st-stuff. I don’t know how long
I’ll be.” I stammered when I turned to them, Cruth having been able to wrap the
human in a hug from behind. Edward didn’t seem to mind at all as he folded a
t-shirt, as the Krev rested his head on the human’s shoulder. “Alright.” Is all
he replied with, making a wink at the end. *‘He knows exactly what he’s doing.’*
I grabbed my things, bringing them to the kitchen and placed them on the island
intending on having a little peace. Hopefully calming my mind, a little. I
turned the lights on, seeing that there was a glass sliding door to a larger
terrace, there were a few chairs outside covered by a tarp. *‘Calm down Breeve,
there’ll be time for cuddling Edward later.’* I sat down on one of the stools
and opened my data pad seeing that I had notifications from every exchange
partner as well as two more from administration. It seemed that most updated
their location and one or two pairs were still travelling to their residences.
Everything seemed in order so far. I checked the administration alerts and
almost headbutted the tabletop. I've received another two partners to organise
now. The reason why being jurisdiction and the other reason being because they
are closer to my group. I wanted to cry a little seeing that. After what felt
like an eternity, I raised my head to start work, checking and making updates to
the partners profiles. *‘It’s going to be a long night.’* **\[Time skip: 2
Hours\]** I closed the binder, finally finished updating the documents and sat
back. It was done, finally it was done. The last two newcomers needed a video
call to introduce myself and get a feel for who they are. Seemed like they were
just normal people, though considering everyone in my group. I was a little
concerned. They didn’t even know why they were moved. There weren’t any
complaints against either of them, and they were only a little near my group. I
can only guess that the other Overseers wanted me to suffer. I sighed getting
off the stool and grabbing a cup of water, gulping down the liquid. I just
wanted to pet the human who was probably sleeping by now. It seemed like it
would be a nice stress reliever. I left my coat on the stool, grabbed my work
things and brought them back to our room. It was dark inside, the only light
coming from the park lights outside. I could barely see as I shuffled my way
half feeling, half guessing where the desk was before setting my stuff down. We
would need to do some shopping tomorrow for food and a few other things to get
settled, but right now I wanted to snuggle the cuddly primate. I quietly stepped
toward the bed, seeing the sleeping form under the covers, before climbing in
next to him. I tried not to wake him up as I laid an arm across his chest and
settled down. He needed his sleep and I didn’t want to rouse him if I tried to
get closer. So, I just basked in the warmth and slowly drifted off listening to
the sounds of his rhythmic breathing. I was a little disappointed that I
couldn’t hug him without waking the cute human. … There was some sort of
murmuring around me. I didn’t know how long it was since I fell asleep, but my
groggy mind knew it wasn’t nearly enough sleep. I must have dreamt the noise, I
thought, settling down again to sleep. “Daniel?” A soft whisper came from the
human next to me. I pried an eye open to look around, feeling the world come
into focus before I was alerted by the human’s movement. I could see the outline
of his face, the features changing as his head tossed and turned. I knew what
this was, it was the start of one of his night terrors. Waking up more I turned
on my side and wrapped the human in a hug as the trashing got worse. “Shhhhh,
it’s alright Edward, you’re safe.” I whispered to him, yet it didn’t seem to do
anything. His face was a grimace of pain; it must have been a bad nightmare
going through his mind. His arms started to move now as well and before thinking
about it, I moved to straddle him, lying on top and digging my arms around his
torso, pinning his arms to his sides still whispering to him. I could hear his
heartbeat with my head against his torso; it was thundering in his chest. I
twisted my head around, so my snout was next to his ear as I whispered. “It’s
alright Edward, it’s alright. It’s just a dream; it’s just a bad dream you’re
having.” I repeated it over and over again, not letting go of him as he slowly
started to calm down. I watched as the glint of wetness surrounded his eyes when
his head finally started to settle. My heart broke for the poor human. I wanted
to take the pain away, but all I could do was be there for him. I just wanted to
be able to reassure him that he’s safe. His breathing hitched before his body
finally settled; he woke up. I didn’t stop talking to him, I needed him to know
that I was there for him and I wouldn’t leave him. We stayed like that for a
while. I kept gripping him close to me, wrapping my arms around his torso more,
while also trying to dig my legs around his own as well. Much like how an Obor
would cuddle a toy. “Are you alright?” I whispered quietly, wanting to gauge how
bad the dream might have been. When he mentioned someone’s name it was a good
indicator of what was happening. Daniel was his best friend, and he was usually
the worst off when he mentioned him. He sometimes spoke Micheal’s, Cruth’s and
even my name sometimes. It hurts when he murmurs mine. I could imagine the
horrible scenarios he must have been going through, being back at that
distillery crying for anyone to help. It hurt. “I… I think so.” His voice
cracked. I rested my head on his shoulder and tightened my grip around him,
letting him know I was with him. “Daniel?” I asked. “Yeah.” “…Do you want to
talk about it?” “…” “It’s alright if you don’t want to.” “…It was the mine
again, the bloody masks, not being able to breathe… I couldn’t help him, I know
I couldn’t, but my mind... It won’t let me have any peace.” He choked out,
through whimpers. “It’s alright, it’s alright. You did your best that day.
Everyone knows you did.” “I just… What if there was something I could do?” He
sounded so small, like he would break if I let go of him. “There wasn’t anything
else to do, you saw what happened.” He practiced breathing exercises the group
therapy taught him and tried to calm himself. I nuzzled my face just under his
chin squeezing him tightly. “Tell me more about him?” I asked. It would lighten
his mood hopefully to talk more about him. He told me a few stories of his time
with him, and it did seem to cheer him up a little when he did. “… He would um…”
He sniffled. “He would find places to hide a lot. He… He found this little spot
in the mines and told me, John, and Micheal about it.” “Would it be to get away
from work?” “Yes, and the settlement administration. I was there one day, when
he showed up dragging a sofa by himself and asked me to help him carry it the
last five meters out of the four-kilometre trip.” I saw his lips curve a little
upward and his voice shift a little. “He didn’t even think to call one of us to
help. He just showed up with a sofa from somewhere, and when I asked he told me
that it was John’s” His voice cracked a little. I squeezed him making a trill
noise in response. “I had this mental image of him spending the day off dragging
a sofa from John’s apartment to the tram station before wedging it in somehow
and then sneaking it past the mine’s admin office. It didn’t seem real to me at
the time. John and Caleb were coming off their shift when I texted them to come,
and we stayed there until my own and Daniel’s shifts started.” “What happened
after it?” “An hour into our shift I got a text from John saying that someone
broke into his apartment and stole his sofa. He called Daniel and only got
hysterical laughter from him. It took a few days to realise where his furniture
went.” I giggled at the mischief the four would get up to. I loved when he would
talk about what he did back in the settlement while cuddling, it felt special.
“I miss him…” “I know, I know.” I used my face to rub at his chest. “I dream of
him, sometimes it’s of better times. Other times… recently, it’s been a
recurring one. I’m waiting in that small spot for some reason, my mind is all
jumbled and I can’t think. I follow the same motion of helping him move the sofa
before sitting down. It’d be right then I’m able to start thinking straight but
not talk properly, it was like it’s already scripted for me to speak.” “Maybe
your mind is starting to piece things together?” I added not knowing what to
think. “I don’t know, sometimes I’d be able to break free from it, but it felt
like syrup coating my thoughts, drowning them, making everything stick in place…
He would talk to me, saying how things are or…” “What would you say to him?”
“I-I would ask where I was? What was happening? But there was a point that it
changed, that everything seemed to be clear. I… I would ask why I keep going?”
“And what did he reply with?” “He’d say there’s people counting on me, that
there’s new people out there that need me as well. I’d ask who? And the names
would always slip my mind when I woke up, every time I tried remembering, it
felt like sand slipping through my fingers.” “Maybe it’s your mind telling you
to help people, or maybe to help those around you?” “I don’t know, I feel a
burst of energy when I have those dreams, but it fades after a few seconds and I
find myself crying a lot afterward.” “I think you want to help people, Edward. I
think it’s your subconscious wanting you to start helping people or to start
moving forward. Every story you told me of when you would get into fights, it
was to help people or stand up for them. Even that one you and Cruth were part
of on Tellus, you looked happy the next day.” I remember chastising them both
for that move, but he genuinely looked like he did before what happened. “…I had
this conversation with Unipher when he took my blood. He asked what I would want
to do with my life and I didn’t know what to say.” “You don’t have to decide
right away, you can think about it for a long while.” “I did think about it, and
I still don’t know. I was a miner, a metallurgist for splitting ore from rock
using chemical washing. I just, that’s everything I really knew to do. I never
thought about anything else or what to learn.” “Do you want to go back to
school? University maybe?” “What University would take me? I barely made it
through what passed for high school at fourteen.” It still shook me, the living
conditions the Tellus humans had to go through. I wished I could undo all the
trauma they went through, but right now I just wanted to make sure my human was
alright. “What would you want to do for a course?” I asked. “I don’t know, I
don’t know if I would even go back to school.” “Would you want to help people?
Maybe charity work, or making a difference in people’s lives by offering aid.”
“I’ve thought of that as well and I still don’t know. Breeve, how can I help
others when I can’t even help myself.” “…Maybe you don’t have to worry about
yourself because I can worry about you for you?” I felt my face heat up saying
it. “Tomorrow we can call the therapist Unipher told you about. Then we can
worry about if you want to be an aid worker or a baker?” I joked a little at the
end trying to lighten his mood a bit. With the dim light outside, I could see
his lip curl up a little before he put more pressure on my arms. I freed them
before digging my arms back around his torso again as he wrapped his own arms
around me. “Why a baker?” “I don’t know, a reporter was saying that the humans
that went to Avor, a few of them really liked what they called pastry mothers or
fathers.” He went stiff under me when I spoke. “Repeat that.” “What? Pastry
mothers being what humans like? I thought it was cute that your kind liked
sweets a lot.” “Breeve, that’s not- there’s a mistranslation.” “What?” “I think
you meant a sugar mommy, I know what you’re talking about. I know a few guys who
decided to join up in the exchange to get a rich partner to live in luxury.”
“So, a pastry mother and father aren't actually baking related?" “Definitely
not.” He giggled. I felt the rumble in his chest, reminding me of what he
promised earlier. I raised my head from his chest looking at him through the
dark before speaking, feeling my heart starting to race. “Edward, remember what
you promised back at the terminal?” I asked quietly, feeling the rush of blood
to my face. “Which one?” He asked. “Outside the clothes shop.” I added, moving
my head a little closer, and feeling his breath on my snout. It made my head
feel dizzy while my heart felt like it was about to explode. I cuddled him
before, but this was intense. “Yeah, I remember.” He whispered as I felt the
world swirl before I felt him move a hand to cup the side of my face. It felt
warm to the touch and centred me. My heart felt like a jack hammer before I felt
him shift under me, leaning forward closing the distance between us. My world
was drowned out when I felt the soft press of the human’s lips against mine. The
tenderness made my heart feel like it was about to explode in my chest as my
senses melted away. The only things I could feel were the beating of my heart,
steadily hammering its way out of my chest and the warm feeling of his lips
pressed against mine. I’d seen human media before this. Romance movies always
made it seem so easy for the characters to be intimate with each other. This was
different, I was swirling with different emotions, thoughts racing by as I
clutched tighter to my human. My chest thundered as I felt my heart skip beats
as the world melted away, it left me feeling hungry for more of this feeling. I
leaned into the kiss, wanting to feel it deeper into my core. I wanted to sear
this feeling of passion into my brain forever. Before I could even register what
had happened, the human had broken the kiss, breathing heavily which only drove
my hunger for more of this feeling. I felt flush as my breathing hitched, I
couldn’t even keep track of my heart anymore as my mind was lost to passion
wanting more of whatever that was. Edward’s hand still cupped my face as I
leaned in for more, taking the initiative before all momentum was lost as I
bumped my nose against his chin. The heat of the moment had diminished a little
as he laughed, making me do the same. “I love you so much, you’re too cuddly not
to.” I squeezed him trying to quell my aching chest, feeling his own heart
beating fast as he spoke. “I love you too, Breeve. I don’t think I could say it
enough.” Hearing him say it again brought the hunger back as my mind raced,
again still wanting more. I shifted myself being reluctant to remove myself from
the human’s form, bringing my face an inch away from his and waited as the hot
breath fuelled the voice in my mind shouting for more. I didn’t have to wait
long as Edward reciprocated leaning in as the heat started building in my chest
again. It felt better than the first as I let passion take over again. His hand
moved to caress the side of my face making me want more as I started to lose
track of the world again. \-----------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------ [First]( / [Previous]( / Next
[Better understanding ]( part 1 [Raising Primates]( [Krevpocalypse ]( [What have
we done? ]( More krev stories \-------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------- I think Krev are cuddly,
what do you think about them? Honestly it just seems rather comfortable. Once
again thank you for reading and I hope you enjoyed the chapter as much as I did
writing it. If you have any advice for me to improve, it would be much
appreciated.