Itinerary- Solo Female travel, English Countryside. Hi Everyone! I’m planning a
solo trip to the UK (more specifically the country side), in July. I’ve looked
and looked on the internet and so now I have a bunch of information without any
clarity or structure so any recommendations or suggestions about the trip would
be well appreciated! 1. Arrive at London, Heathrow - I have been to London
before so I am not looking to do any of the touristy stuff, but since I came as
a student, I only explored the major touristy things like Big Ben, London Eye,
Kings Cross, Hop on Hop off tour et all. So the idea is to stay in London for 4
days - and including the following- a day for the Harry Potter studio tour (big
Harry Potter fan, cannot do without), a day to shop tbd in Bicester Village, and
generally just roaming around in London, probably seeing a few markets etc.
also, if I could then I’d want to include a day trip to Bath. I’m looking for
suggestions for (a) what all I can explore; and (b) areas to stay - Central
London is super crowded, touristy and hella expensive so I’d like a nice Airbnb
/ Hotel in Zone 2/ 3 or somewhere with great public transport connectivity. I’m
from India so I truly don’t mind walking and breathing in clean London air! 2.
Stay in the country side - I’m a book nerd and so extremely fascinated with the
Enid Blyton description of the countryside and I’m completely hell bent on
spending about a week in the countryside. From what I’ve read, I’ve narrowed
down to Dorset & Cotswolds. Ik Cotswolds is a bunch of villages so need to
narrow down a base to stay in one of them and then roam around. Major
recommendation required on where in Cotswolds I can stay for 3-4 days, while
being close to/ access the major tourist attractions- Burford, Bourton on the
Water, Bibury. Info about Dorset is a little limited (or I’m not looking
properly) and so what I do know is that I’d like to visit - historic market
towns like Dorchester, seaside favourites like Lyme Regis and Swanage, and
picture-perfect villages like Abbotsbury. Again, need some recommendations on
where to stay for 3-4 days. Also I’m biased towards being on the seaside and I’d
love to be near the coast. So if you have any other recommendations of where I
can go, other than these two, Id really love the help!! Also, the internet seems
to say that I should rent a car because the public transport in these areas is
limited so I would appreciate if you can tell me if that’s okay and safe for a
solo female traveller! Many many thanks in advance! I look forward to all your
suggestions