Although Peter and Paul differed much in temperament and education, even in
theology, they worked together harmoniously for the upbuilding of the churches
during their later years.. 139:2.11 (1551.7) After leaving Jerusalem and before
Paul became the leading spirit among the gentile Christian churches, Peter
traveled extensively, visiting all the churches from Babylon to Corinth. He even
visited and ministered to many of the churches which had been raised up by Paul.
Although Peter and Paul differed much in temperament and education, even in
theology, they worked together harmoniously for the upbuilding of the churches
during their later years. 139:2.12 (1552.1) Something of Peter’s style and
teaching is shown in the sermons partially recorded by Luke and in the Gospel of
Mark. His vigorous style was better shown in his letter known as the First
Epistle of Peter; at least this was true before it was subsequently altered by a
disciple of Paul. 139:2.13 (1552.2) But Peter persisted in making the mistake of
trying to convince the Jews that Jesus was, after all, really and truly the
Jewish Messiah. Right up to the day of his death, Simon Peter continued to
suffer confusion in his mind between the concepts of Jesus as the Jewish
Messiah, Christ as the world’s redeemer, and the Son of Man as the revelation of
God, the loving Father of all mankind. 139:2.14 (1552.3) Peter’s wife was a very
able woman. For years she labored acceptably as a member of the women’s corps,
and when Peter was driven out of Jerusalem, she accompanied him upon all his
journeys to the churches as well as on all his missionary excursions. And the
day her illustrious husband yielded up his life, she was thrown to the wild
beasts in the arena at Rome. 139:2.15 (1552.4) And so this man Peter, an
intimate of Jesus, one of the inner circle, went forth from Jerusalem
proclaiming the glad tidings of the kingdom with power and glory until the
fullness of his ministry had been accomplished; and he regarded himself as the
recipient of high honors when his captors informed him that he must die as his
Master had died—on the cross. And thus was Simon Peter crucified in Rome.