Here's my future request for Conan Exiles in term of content or possible sequel
even.. Been playing Conan for years and tbh I still find game being lagging
behind a lot when it comes to contents. Its been out for years and we only got
Siptah but even it didnt met my expectation as muh. Lore and worldbuilding wise.
I really hope game gives us some form of more factions. We already got Yamatai,
Khitan, etc. for years by now. Yet there is like nothing about them basically
despite it could've been really good way to expand on them. In case they really
huge world map then I do hope they copy the formula from both Valheim and
Foxhole. In Valheim proc-gen world gives new fresh of life to gameplay each time
you start. In Foxhole its one big game world where players fight on fronts in
WW1-WW2 settings world divided by hexes. Each hexes can take upto 340 players.
Imagine entire Hyperboria map. All factions are there. Worlds are divided by
specific count of hexes and you can travel in between hexes given condition. Dev
could do yearly map rotations by reseeding. Biomes that are from
Rome/Greece(Aquilonia), Middle Eastern(Shemite/Stygian/Black Hand),
Chinese(Khitan), Indian(Vendayen/Lumerian), etc. Optionally expanding more
fictional lore not covered by Robert E. Howard for the sake of content. Game
does their own thing sometimes in this way already. I mean sequel could be great
if they(Funcom) just do this with currently existing assets already. Content
wise its still just playing old Exiled Lands/Siptah with same things. I just
think just making more new maps wont just solve too much. Siptah often gives the
same vibe as you try out custom community made maps. I do love community made
maps but after playing them a bit, I do find them a bit repetitive which has to
do a lot more with how game is designed but dont get me wrong I do love them.
Savage Wilds tried to be the most standing out of them by far and props for
them. But others often felt not completely done when you play them. Even then
you still end up doing 80% what you already did in Exiled Lands. Even same
bosses with different names. But as said it has to do more with how underlying
game is designed and NOT what mod devs tho in their frame. But still I love
their work and thanks for keeping the game alive and me trying them even after
I'm finished with the base game. TLDR; Bottom line thing they have to do is
trying like something actually new in term of content. Funcom did addressed some
QoL features. But I understand at the end of the day money is a concern but yet
again it doesnt help the game in long term. Especially trying out Bazaar system
in my opinion. As it is just one time skin. No real interactable game content
you would enjoy playing. I would rather see Bazaar items being used by world npc
with lore than just me doing some larp-roleplay and forget the next day.