. Hello Hungarian here. I lived in the UK for a year in Devon and I have visited
over 15 times if not more. I have been to London, Nottingham, Sheffield, Exeter,
Bristol and so on. I love the politeness, the respect shown towards people, the
atmosphere, the culture. I find it hard to understand how average brits
underestimate the level of respect and politness I have witnessed. Also the way
people aim to be good and continuously improve at what they are doing. I know
that things are not going too well economically at the mpment and there are
social tensions and various issues which the public is demanding to be handled
with. Its not perfect place, but by far the best I have seen and experienced in
my life. Its so incredible that the average brit is so clueless about the fact
that they are polite and respectful and actually assume (very wrongly) that
other places outside the UK are so kind. Just to give an example at a British
university I once missed a deadline and submitted a paper which was incomplete
and simply did not meet the basic requirements. I got a bad mark for the paper
naturally. When I went to collect the paper the professor actually asked to see
me and asked how I felt and told me he was sorry for being unable to give me a
better result. He asked how I felt at the uni, whether I had any personal
problems and so on. I was so shocked and told him I should be the one to
apologise it was entirely my responsibility and fault that I messed up. I have
witnessed similar things across various aspects of life. Like driving. I made a
stupid mistake and put another driver in danger because i did not pay attention.
He honked at me.I put my hand out and waved for an apology and he did the same
thing as if he made a mistake. When I walk around in cities in the UK people
actually smile at each other. And when I asked for an appointment at an office,
bank, instutution for a very small issue the people handling it still treat the
small issue very seriously and never give you the impression that you are not
welcome or bothering them. I come from a country where this is very common. So
to sum it up the people make the UK a great place to live. I wish they knew. Or
maybe not because then they might realize they are more friendly and polite than
others and change to the negative.