LGBT-friendly clubs in Berlin and Asmsterdam. Hello there! My boyfriend and I
are planning a Euro trip in June, during which we’ll likely be passing through
Amsterdam and Berlin. We’d love to experience the techno scene in both cities.
We’re both from Paris. We’re into electronic music, especially hypnotic / deep /
dark techno, as well as minimal but also slower bpm style — typically the kind
of sound that Frida Darko plays (not sure how to describe it), whom we recently
discovered and really enjoy. We’re looking for club recommendations that are: 1.
relatively LGBT-friendly (I’m a trans woman), and 2. not too strict at the door,
especially for foreigners, as we don’t speak German or Dutch (though we’ll learn
a few basic words!). I went to Germany about 10–15 years ago and visited places
like Tresor, Griessmuehle (I loved the open-air vibe), and Institut fuer Zukunft
in Leipzig — I recently found out it closed, which is such a shame! I also went
to a few other places whose names I unfortunately don’t remember, but it was a
great experience overall. I’ve never been into clubs in Amsterdam, although I’ve
visited the city before for tourism and work, and loved the place. My boyfriend
has never been to either city, so I’d really like to give him a taste of the
techno scene there — something that’s quite hard to find in Paris (I went to
Spectrum Wave in Paris recently and that's the type of vibe I like) and has
become a bit of a personal “madeleine de Proust” for me \^\^ Typically we would
really love to try Berghain (I never tried) but we are not 100% sure we want to
queue x hours and having a high chance of not being let in considering we will
not have much time in both cities. One of my friends, who I went to Berlin with
years ago, went back recently and told me he couldn’t get into any clubs (he
doesn’t speak German either), which made me a bit nervous about having a similar
experience. That said, he’s a bit of a Parisian normie, so there's maybe a bit
of that =P I also don’t know much about the scene in Amsterdam, so any insights
would be very welcome!