. "Marx never mined coal!" Could not care less, let's get into the structural
arguments and skip the ad hominem. Engage with the substance of Marx's work
please - you don't turn to a scientist and reject Darwinian evolution because he
was mean to someone once. You attack his work. Nobody turns to Marx because he
was a hard working, super easy to get along with guy. Nobody cares about that.
We care about the structural critiques and analysis he put forth. "Marx lived
off Engel's hand outs" Really, this is what you're still on this far into the
post? I cannot imagine getting this far without anything of substance yet
declaring yourself as liberating us from the foolishness of Marxism. If I told
you Albert Einstein was a socialist, or that Henry Ford was a Nazi, would you
stop caring about Einstein's scientific work? Surely you wouldn't stop caring
about Ford, right, as an entrepreneurial American hero? "Labor theory of value
had already been debunked" It's just false. It's a cope narrative to justify
exploitation. It's an awfully convenient, unquantifiable, mathematically
unworkable equation, that just throws its hands up in the air and says nobody
knows, it's up to the whims of the consumer. Labor time is a quantifiable,
consistent method that has been proven to predict consistent and reliable
results when used in economic equations from Japan to Sweden. You literally
can't do anything with the subjective theory of value. We can make accurate
predictions with the labor theory of value. "If you spend 10 hours drawing a
picture in the sand, it isn't worth 10 hours of labor" At this point, everyone
who knows anything knows you're not a serious person and reading any further is
practically a complete waste of time. Marx explained this at the very beginning
of Das Kapital, you have not spent a moment reading it, we can now tell. To
explain, because you are misunderstanding even the most basic Marxian concepts -
yet declaring yourself an expert on the matter... Marx didn't say all labor is
always valuable. You can make mudpies for ten hours, it doesn't make the mudpies
valuable. That would be ridiculous. Value comes from the socially necessary
labor time to produce a commodity - and a commodity has a dual component,
exchange-value, and use-value. In our case, we're mostly concerned about use
value here, what's the utility of the commodity? If the commodity doesn't have
any utility - it has no value. Therefore, a drawing in the sand is not valuable.
Continuing... Let's assume you are creating a commodity, but you're ten times
slower than the average worker. Did you create ten times more value? No, again,
Marx explains this clearly at the very beginning of Das Kapital. Labor is the
source of value, yes, but it itself is regulated by SNLT (socially necessary
labor time). If society, with the average skilled worker, average tools, and
average conditions - takes 2 hours to produce a chair - that's its value. If you
take 4 hours to produce a chair, it's not worth four hours. You simply wasted 2
hours of value. At this point, I don't feel the need to continue reading, this
must be ragebait, Ad hominem > into misunderstanding basic, elementary Marxism
while declaring yourself an expert who will free us from this, is just
ridiculous. You are not a serious person.