I'm booking a trip to Paris for the summer and I'm terrified. I want to preface
this by saying I'm F17, very mild/very high functioning autism, and I've never
travelled before. Only been on a 40 min plane to the country next to mine, and
that was only for a few hours to do a few things. I am going to Paris sometime
in the summer with my grandma. The thing is, I freak out very easily. We've
looked at planes, hotels, and activities, and have planned 99% of it. But now I
don't want to go. It's not that I dont want to go, it's just I'm terrified. It's
a different place, different languages, different everything. Plus a 2hr plane
ride, which, when I went on a plane last time, I had unbearing pain in my ears
and I genuinely thought my ear drums were about to burst (And I have a very high
pain tolerence; broke my arm, ankle, and tore some stuff and felt pretty fine
for the 13hr hospital wait lmao). We have bought those Earplanes, but idk how
well they work. The other thing, my grandma is... incompetent. Before we started
looking at everything, I've been asking her to take me somewhere, anywhere, for
years now. But she complains that she… 1. Doesn’t have any common sense so she
couldn’t figure out signs in the airport, how to book planes, how to book
anything, how to take a train/public transport, how to walk about \_\_\_
country/city, etc. 2. Would have to tell my mum and she would throw a fit, even
though she and my stepfather are going to Rome for a week in the summer,
which…yeah whatever..not like I would want to go or anything…nope.. Not at all..
3. Doesn’t know how to take holidays off of work 4. Doesn’t speak any other
languages so how would she communicate with anyone? (I’ve actually learned/have
been learning a few languages in my short life: Spanish, Norwegian, and
Romanian. Not saying I’m extremely fluent in them all, just yk, I’d like to
think I could at least order, ask for directions, and be able to get help if
needed) 5. Wouldn’t enjoy it because it’d be all about me and my interests
(Languages, Culture, History, Architecture, etc) I hear her complains, and I
obviously respect them, I just feel very left out and kinda like a failure for
not meeting the “societal expectations” of going on holiday ig? And I feel
extremely suffocated in my home country, like, I can’t stand the people, the
food, the accent, the same old cities and shops, etc. I've heard all about the
scams of Paris and she will literally fall for everyone of them. Someone could
come over and say "get in my van" and she would... and has (no, literally, a man
told her to get into the back of his van, randomly, when my gran was walking
somewhere, and she done it. Thankfully, nothing happened, but Jesus Christttt!).
She stresses me out too much. I'm afraid we'll lose everything we take, and I'll
have to be on very high alert 24/7. I already have the nervous system of someone
going to war when I'm in my bed, relaxing, nevermind in Petty-crime-central!!
I'm also very worried about money. My grandma is pretty well-off, but I grew up
with my mother who spent 99% of her money on drugs and useless hobbies she
wanted to try for 2 days and then got bored of, then repeat. So, I'm always on
edge. My gran says not to be worried and that we do have more than enough money,
but I'll never be able to shake the feeling. I'm also worried that I'll ruin the
trip, freak out, cry, hit, scream, blah blah blah. I can't deal with this. I
don't want to book it because then it's final. We're gonna lose our passports
and money and phones and be trafficked.